collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][.gitignore][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][AGPL-LICENSE.markdown][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][README.md][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/holmes-classifier.iml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/Resources.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/ClassifierBuilder.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/ClassifierFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/CompositeClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/DefaultClassifierFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/WekaClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/exceptions/ClassifyException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/model/ClassRelevance.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/model/ClassificationResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/model/PageWithType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/serialization/ClassifierFileFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/serialization/GZippedClassifierFileFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/ClassifierTrainer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/ClassifierTrainerFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/ClassifierTrainingResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/ClassifierVerifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/CrossValidatingClassifierTrainer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/DefaultClassifierVerifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/DishonestClassifierTrainer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/Fold.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/FoldingStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/FoldingStrategyImpl.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/CollectionFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/CollectionFilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/Filter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/FilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/FilterChain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/AddClassToMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/CompositeExtractorFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractCategoriesFilter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractCategoryNGramsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractCharacteristicCategoryPartFilter.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractPlainTextWordsFilter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractSectionsFilter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractSummaryFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractTemplatePropertiesFilter.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/MatrixToWekaInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/NGramFilterBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/NGramPlainTextFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/NormalizeMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/PageToFeaturesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/PageToWikiStructureFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/RemoveSparseTermsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/TitleNGramFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/WikiPageCategory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/WikiPageInternalLink.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/WikiPageSection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/WikiPageStructure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/WikiPageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/WikiPageTemplateArgument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/WikiStructureHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/WikitextReaderVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageCategory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageInternalLink.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageSection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageStructure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageTemplateArgument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiStructureHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikitextReaderVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/sweble/ClearApp.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/sweble/SwebleHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/sweble/WikitextVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/matrix/Matrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/matrix/SparseMatrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/matrix/Vector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/Tokenizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/TokenizerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/TokenizerStopwordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/ClassifierBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/CompositeClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/DefaultClassifierFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/WekaClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/exceptions/ClassifyException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/model/ClassRelevance.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/model/ClassificationResult.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/model/PageWithType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/serialization/ClassifierFileFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/serialization/GZippedClassifierFileFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/CouchSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/InstanceSource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/PredefinedCodSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/PredefinedErrorSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/PredefinedGeneralSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/ArrayUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/StopWordsHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/matrix/Matrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/matrix/SparseMatrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/matrix/Vector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/text/Tokenizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/text/TokenizerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/text/TokenizerStopwordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/weka/ArffUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/weka/ArffUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiPageCategory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiPageFeatures.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiPageInternalLink.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiPageSection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiPageStructure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiPageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiPageTemplateArgument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiStructureHelper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiTextFeaturesHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikitextReaderVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/main/resources/example-set.json][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/ResourcesIT.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/ClassifierIT.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/CrossValidatingClassifierTrainerTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/DefaultClassifierVerifierTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/FoldTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/classifiers/training/FoldingStrategyImplTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/FilterBaseTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/matrix/SparseMatrixTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/matrix/SparseMatrixTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiStructureHelperTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/wikitext/WikiTextFeaturesHelperTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/holmes-cli.iml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/App.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/AppParams.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/ClassifyCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/Command.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/CrawlAndClassifyCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/ServerCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/TrainCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/domain/ClassifiedPage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/io/JsonPerLinePageProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/io/PageProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-cli/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/AppIntegrationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-maven-plugin/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-maven-plugin/src/main/java/com/wikia/TrainClassifierMojo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/holmes-web.iml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/ClassificationResource.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/ClassifierApplication.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/ClassifierFactoryBean.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/HealthResource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/HealthStatus.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/model/ClassificationViewModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/UnknownWikiException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/UnkwnownWikiException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/WikiUrlStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/WikiUrlStrategyImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/webapp/META-INF/context.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/beans.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/main/webapp/log4j.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/test/java/com/wikia/service/ClassificationResourceIT.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes-web/src/test/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/WikiUrlStrategyImplTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][holmes.iml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][local-deps/stanford-classifier-2.1.8.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][pom.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/App.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/Main.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/cache/Cache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/cache/JcsCache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/cache/MapdbPermanentCache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/AppParams.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/Command.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/CrawlAndClassifyCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/FetchCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/ModelCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/RandomSelectCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/ServerCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/CollectionFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/CollectionFilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/Filter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/FilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/FilterChain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotateInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotateMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotatedMatrixToWekaInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/CharacteristicCategoryPartExtractorFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/CompositeExtractorFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtendMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractCategoriesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractPlainTextWordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractSectionsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractTemplatePropertiesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample2.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample3.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample4.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample5.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/IgnoreToSmallTextChunksFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/InstanceSourceDownloaderFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/MatrixColumnFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/MatrixToWekaInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/NGramPlainTextFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/RemoveSparseTermsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/TextChunkToWikiStructureFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/TextChunk.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/TextChunkParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/TextChunkParserImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/WikiTextChunk.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/WikiTextChunkParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageCategory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageInternalLink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageSection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageStructure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageTemplateArgument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiStructureHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikitextReaderVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/ClearApp.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/SwebleHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/WikitextVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/nlp/annie/AnnieHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/nlp/annie/GateDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/CachedWikiTextReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/Provider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiIndexReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiProviderFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiTextReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiaHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiApiCrawl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiApiIndexReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiApiProviderFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiApiTextReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiFixedIndexReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiFixedProviderFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/fs/FileSystemFixedProviderFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/fs/FileSystemIndexReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/fs/FileSystemProviderFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/fs/FileSystemTextReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/Helper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/Tokenizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/TokenizerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/TokenizerStopwordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/Vectorizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/VectorizerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/BayesNetClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/ClassifierManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/IBkKnnClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/J48Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/KStarClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NGramClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NLPClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NaiveBayesClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/PureTextRandomForestClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/RandomForestClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/InstanceSource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/InstanceSourceProcessor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/ModelHelpers.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedCodSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedErrorSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedGeneralSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/Matrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/SparseMatrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/Vector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassificationResource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassifierApplication.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassifierMain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/Classification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/ClassificationCollection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/ClassificationResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/ArrayUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncFile.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueueIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueueListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueuePoller.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueues.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/BasicAsyncQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/DefaultHttpAsyncClientManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/FileUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/FutureImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpAsyncClientManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpAsyncClientWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/IterableUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/Predicate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/RandomUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/StopWordsHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/ThreadPools.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/TmpDirHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/ArffUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/BallTreeKNNModelFactoryImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/InstanceSetBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/InstancesVectorizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/KNNModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/KNNModelFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/LinearSearchKNNModelFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/TextChunkInstanceConverter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/TextChunkInstanceConverterImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/TextChunkLoader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/VectorInstanceSetBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/VectorInstanceSetBuilderImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/resources/log4j.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/.gitignore][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/2014.01.26.json][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/couch/build_set.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/filter.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/hardcoded/cleanup.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_episode_x.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_episodes.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_list_of_episodes.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_list_of_x.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_season_x.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_x_character.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_x_disambiguation.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_x_movie.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_x_tv_series.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_x_video_game.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/page_x_x.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/lists/title_characters.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/map.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/merge.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/Gemfile.lock][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/Gemfile][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/Rakefile][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/bin/build_set.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/bin/filter.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/lib/all.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/lib/filters.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/lib/log.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/lib/sources.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/new/spec/filters_spec.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/couch/build_set.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/filter.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/hardcoded/cleanup.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_episode_x.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_episodes.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_list_of_episodes.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_list_of_x.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_season_x.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_x_character.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_x_disambiguation.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_x_movie.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_x_tv_series.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_x_video_game.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/page_x_x.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/lists/title_characters.list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/map.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/merge.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/put_to_db.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/seasons/get_urls.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/seasons/seasons2][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/seasons/seasons2a][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/seasons/seasons2arandom.urls][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/seasons/seasons2arandom][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/seasons/seasons][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/stat.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/test-set.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/wekick.city-noir.com/__KLASYFIKATOR__.csv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/old/wekick.city-noir.com/build_training_set.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/seasons/get_urls.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/seasons/seasons2][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/seasons/seasons2a][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/seasons/seasons2arandom.urls][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/seasons/seasons2arandom][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/seasons/seasons][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/stat.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/test-set.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/wekick.city-noir.com/__KLASYFIKATOR__.csv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][training-data/wekick.city-noir.com/build_training_set.rb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/pom.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/App.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/AppParams.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/Command.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/CrawlAndClassifyCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/ServerCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/commands/TrainCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/CollectionFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/CollectionFilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/Filter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/FilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/FilterChain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/AddClassToMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/CompositeExtractorFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractCategoriesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractCharacteristicCategoryPartFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractPlainTextWordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractSectionsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractSummaryFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/ExtractTemplatePropertiesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/MatrixToWekaInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/NGramFilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/NGramPlainTextFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/NormalizeMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/PageToWikiStructureFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/RemoveSparseTermsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/text/TitleNGramFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageCategory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageInternalLink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageSection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageStructure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiPageTemplateArgument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikiStructureHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/structured/WikitextReaderVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/sweble/ClearApp.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/sweble/SwebleHelper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/input/sweble/WikitextVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/matrix/Matrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/matrix/SparseMatrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/matrix/Vector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/Tokenizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/TokenizerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/TokenizerStopwordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/ClassifierBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/CompositeClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/DefaultClassifierFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/PageWithType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/WekaClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/exceptions/ClassifyException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/model/ClassRelevance.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/model/ClassificationResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/model/PageWithType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/serialization/ClassifierFileFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/classifiers/serialization/GZippedClassifierFileFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/CouchSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/InstanceSource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/PredefinedCodSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/PredefinedErrorSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/text/data/PredefinedGeneralSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/ArrayUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/StopWordsHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/util/ThreadPools.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/classifier/weka/ArffUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/App.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/AppParams.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/Command.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/CrawlAndClassifyCommand.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/ServerCommand.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/CollectionFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/CollectionFilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/Filter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/FilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/FilterChain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AddClassToMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotateInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotateMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotatedMatrixToWekaInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/CharacteristicCategoryPartExtractorFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/CompositeExtractorFilter.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtendMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractCategoriesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractCharacteristicCategoryPartFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractPlainTextWordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractSectionsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractTemplatePropertiesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample2.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample3.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample4.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample5.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/InstanceSourceDownloaderFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/MatrixColumnFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/MatrixToWekaInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/NGramPlainTextFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/PageToWikiStructureFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/RemoveSparseTermsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/TextChunkToWikiStructureFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageCategory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageInternalLink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageSection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageStructure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageTemplate.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageTemplateArgument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiStructureHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikitextReaderVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/ClearApp.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/SwebleHelper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/WikitextVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/matrix/Matrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/matrix/SparseMatrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/matrix/Vector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/nlp/annie/AnnieHelper.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/nlp/annie/GateDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/Tokenizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/TokenizerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/TokenizerStopwordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/BayesNetClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/Classifier.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/ClassifierBuilder.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/ClassifierManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/CompositeClassifier.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/IBkKnnClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/J48Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/KStarClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NGramClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NLPClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NaiveBayesClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/PureTextRandomForestClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/RandomForestClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/WekaClassifier.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/exceptions/ClassifyException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/model/ClassRelevance.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/model/ClassificationResult.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/InstanceSource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedCodSet.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedErrorSet.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedGeneralSet.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/Matrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/SparseMatrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/Vector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassificationResource.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassifierApplication.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassifierMain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/Classification.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/ClassificationCollection.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/ClassificationResult.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/ArrayUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncFile.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueueIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueueListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueuePoller.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueues.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/BasicAsyncQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/DefaultHttpAsyncClientManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/FileUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/FutureImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpAsyncClientManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpAsyncClientWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/IterableUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/Predicate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/RandomUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/StopWordsHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/ThreadPools.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/TmpDirHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/ArffUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/main/resources/log4j.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/AppIntegrationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/filters/FilterBaseTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/classifier/matrix/SparseMatrixTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/reader/AppIntegrationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/FilterBaseTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/reader/matrix/SparseMatrixTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/SparseMatrixTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-classifier/wiki-classifier.iml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-matcher/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-matcher/src/main/java/net/wikia/graph/matcher/Edge.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-matcher/src/main/java/net/wikia/graph/matcher/EdgeFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-matcher/src/main/java/net/wikia/graph/matcher/SubGraphBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-matcher/src/main/java/net/wikia/graph/matcher/SubGraphBuilderImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-matcher/src/main/java/net/wikia/graph/matcher/Vertex.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-matcher/src/test/java/net/wikia/graph/matcher/SubGraphBuilderImplIT.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-matcher/wiki-graph-matcher.iml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/pom.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/ClassificationResource.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/ClassifierApplication.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/model/ClassificationViewModel.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/UnkwnownWikiException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/WikiUrlStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/WikiUrlStrategyImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/webapp/META-INF/context.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/beans.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/main/webapp/log4j.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/test/java/com/wikia/service/ClassificationResourceIT.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/src/test/java/com/wikia/service/strategy/WikiUrlStrategyImplTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph-service/wiki-graph-service.iml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-graph.iml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/pom.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/cache/CacheFallbackFetcher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/cache/CacheService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/cache/CacheServiceFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/cache/MemcacheCacheService.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/cache/MemcacheCacheServiceFactory.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/cache/XMemcachedCacheService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/cache/XMemcachedCacheServiceFactory.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/CachedClient.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/CachingClientWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/Client.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/ClientFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/ClientFactoryImpl.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/ClientImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/AllPagesAPContinue.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/AllPagesPage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/AllPagesQueryContinue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/AllPagesQueryResponse.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/AllPagesQueryResponseWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/LinksLink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/LinksPage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/LinksQueryContinue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/LinksResponse.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/LinksResponseWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/Redirect.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/ResponseWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/Revision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/RevisionsQueryPage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/RevisionsQueryResponse.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/RevisionsQueryResponseWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/json/JsonClient.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/json/JsonClientImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/model/LazyPage.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/model/Page.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/model/PageBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/model/PageInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/model/builder/LazyPageBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/model/builder/LazyPageBuilderContext.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/model/builder/LazyPageBuilderContextImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/model/builder/LazyPageBuilderImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/prefetch/PrefetchQueueTask.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/prefetch/PrefetchQueueTaskResponse.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/prefetch/PrefetchingIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/prefetch/PrefetchingIteratorImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/AllPagesAPContinue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/AllPagesPage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/AllPagesQueryContinue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/AllPagesQueryResponse.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/AllPagesQueryResponseWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/Redirect.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/ResponseWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/Revision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/RevisionsQueryPage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/RevisionsQueryResponse.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/response/RevisionsQueryResponseWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/service/Page.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/service/PageIterable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/service/PageIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/service/PageService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/service/PageServiceFactory.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/service/PageServiceImpl.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/util/Futures.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/util/LazyFuture.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/util/ThreadPoolUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/util/prefetch/PrefetchQueueTask.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/util/prefetch/PrefetchQueueTaskResponse.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/java/com/wikia/api/util/prefetch/PrefetchingIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/main/resources/log4j.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/cache/MemcacheCacheServiceFactoryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/cache/MemcacheCacheServiceTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/CachingClientWrapperTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/ClientImplIT.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/PagesClientIntegrationTests.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/PagesServiceIntegrationTestsBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/PagesServiceIntegrationTestsBaseCached.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/PagesServiceIntegrationTestsCached.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/PagesServiceIntegrationTestsSimple.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/AllPagesAPContinueTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/AllPagesPageTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/AllPagesQueryContinueTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/client/response/RedirectTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/json/JsonClientImplTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/model/LazyPageTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/response/AllPagesAPContinueTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/response/AllPagesPageTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/response/AllPagesQueryContinueTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/response/RedirectTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/service/PagesServiceIntegrationTestsBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/service/PagesServiceIntegrationTestsCached.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/src/test/java/com/wikia/api/service/PagesServiceIntegrationTestsSimple.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wiki-tools/wiki-tools.iml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/App.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/AppParams.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/Command.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/CrawlAndClassifyCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/FetchCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/RandomSelectCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/commands/ServerCommand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/CollectionFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/CollectionFilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/Filter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/FilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/FilterChain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotateInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotateMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/AnnotatedMatrixToWekaInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/CharacteristicCategoryPartExtractorFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/CompositeExtractorFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtendMatrixFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractCategoriesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractPlainTextWordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractSectionsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/ExtractTemplatePropertiesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample2.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample3.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample4.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/FilterChainExample5.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/IgnoreToSmallTextChunksFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/InstanceSourceDownloaderFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/MatrixColumnFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/MatrixToWekaInstancesFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/NGramPlainTextFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/RemoveSparseTermsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/filters/text/TextChunkToWikiStructureFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/TextChunk.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/TextChunkParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/TextChunkParserImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/WikiTextChunk.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/WikiTextChunkParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageCategory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageInternalLink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageSection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageStructure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiPageTemplateArgument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikiStructureHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/structured/WikitextReaderVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/ClearApp.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/SwebleHelper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/input/sweble/WikitextVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/nlp/annie/AnnieHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/nlp/annie/GateDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/CachedWikiTextReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/Provider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiIndexReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiProviderFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiTextReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/WikiaHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiApiCrawl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiApiIndexReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiApiProviderFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiApiTextReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiFixedIndexReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/api/WikiFixedProviderFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/fs/FileSystemFixedProviderFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/fs/FileSystemIndexReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/fs/FileSystemProviderFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/providers/fs/FileSystemTextReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/Helper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/Tokenizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/TokenizerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/TokenizerStopwordsFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/Vectorizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/VectorizerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/BayesNetClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/ClassifierManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/IBkKnnClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/J48Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/KStarClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NGramClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NLPClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/NaiveBayesClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/PureTextRandomForestClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/classifiers/RandomForestClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/InstanceSource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/InstanceSourceProcessor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/ModelHelpers.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedCodSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedErrorSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/data/PredefinedGeneralSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/Matrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/SparseMatrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/matrix/Vector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassificationResource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassifierApplication.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/ClassifierMain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/Classification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/ClassificationCollection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/text/service/model/ClassificationResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/ArrayUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncFile.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueueIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueueListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueuePoller.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/AsyncQueues.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/BasicAsyncQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/DefaultHttpAsyncClientManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/FileUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/FutureImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpAsyncClientManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpAsyncClientWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/HttpUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/IterableUtil.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/Predicate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/RandomUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/StopWordsHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/ThreadPools.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/util/TmpDirHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/java/com/wikia/reader/weka/ArffUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/main/resources/log4j.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/src/test/java/com/wikia/reader/AppIntegrationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-classifier/wikia-classifier.iml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/ArturD/holmes][wikia-reader.iml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][.classpath][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][.project][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][README.md][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][build.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][changelog-1.3.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][changelog.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][create-corpus.pl][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/emotions.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/emotions.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/emotions-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/emotions-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/emotions.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/emotions10-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/emotions10-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/hierarchical-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/hierarchical-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/hierarchical.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/hierarchical10-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/hierarchical10-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/nonSparseDataSet-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/nonSparseDataSet-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/sparseDataSet-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/sparseDataSet-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][data/testData/sparseDataSet.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][demo.php][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/commons-cli-1.2-sources.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/commons-cli-1.2.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/junit-4.5.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/asm-3.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/asm-tree-3.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/cobertura-1.9.3.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/emma.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/emma_ant.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/jakarta-oro-2.0.8.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/jakarta-oro-license.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/junit-4.10.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/junit-4.5.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/log4j-1.2.9.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/test/log4j-license.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/weka-3.5.7.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/weka-3.6.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/weka-3.7.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/weka-3.7.6.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/weka-src.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][lib/weka.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][license.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][nbproject/project.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][readme.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][readme][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][scripts/mulan.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][scripts/mulan][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/LabelSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/Statistics.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/Transformations.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/attributeSelection/BinaryRelevanceAttributeEvaluator.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/attributeSelection/LabelPowersetAttributeEvaluator.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/attributeSelection/MultiClassAttributeEvaluator.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/attributeSelection/Ranker.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/AbstractMultiLabelClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/BRkNN.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/BRknn.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/BinaryRelevanceClassifier.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/Experimentalknn.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/FlattenTrueLabelsClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/HybridSubsetMapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/IncludeLabelsClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/InvalidDataException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/LPknn.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/LabelPowerset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/LabelPowersetClassifier.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/LearnerException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/MLkNN.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/Mlknn.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/ModelInitializationException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/MultiKnn.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelClassifierBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelKNN.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelLearner.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelLearnerBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelOutput.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/PPT.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/Prediction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/RAKEL.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/RAKELknn.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/RecursiveLabelClustering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/SubsetMapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/TransformationBasedMultiLabelClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/TreeNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/hierarchical/ConstrainedKMeans.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/hierarchical/HMC.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/hierarchical/HMCNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/hierarchical/HierarchyBuilder.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/lazy/BRkNN.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/lazy/IBLR_ML.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/lazy/LPknn.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/lazy/MLkNN.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/lazy/MultiKnn.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/lazy/MultiLabelKNN.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/lazy/RAKELknn.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/lazy/RAKELmultiknn.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/ClusteringBased.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/ConstrainedKMeans.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/EnsembleOfSubsetLearners.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/HMC.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/HMCNode.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/HOMER.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/HierarchyBuilder.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/MultiLabelMetaLearner.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/RAkEL.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/RAkELd.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/SubsetLearner.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ApproximateExampleBasedFMeasureOptimizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ExampleBasedFMeasureOptimizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/MLPTO.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/Meta.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/MetaLabeler.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/OneThreshold.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/RCut.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/SCut.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ThresholdPrediction.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/ActivationFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/ActivationLinear.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/ActivationTANH.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/BPMLL.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/BPMLLAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/BasicNeuralNet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/DataPair.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/LossMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPLearner.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPMaxUpdateRule.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPRandomizedUpdateRule.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPUniformUpdateRule.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPUpdateRuleBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPUpdateRuleType.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/ModelUpdateRule.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/NeuralNet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/Neuron.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/NormalizationFilter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/ThresholdFunction.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationFunction.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationLinear.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationTANH.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/BasicNeuralNet.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/NeuralNet.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/Neuron.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/AdaBoostMH.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/BinaryRelevance.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/CalibratedLabelRanking.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/ClassifierChain.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/ClassifierChains.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/EnsembleOfClassifierChains.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/EnsembleOfPrunedSets.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/HOMER.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/IncludeLabelsClassifier.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/LabelPowerset.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/LabelsetPruning.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiClassLearner.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiLabelMetaLearner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiLabelStacking.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/PPT.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/PrunedSets.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/RAKEL.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/RAkEL.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/classifier/transformation/TransformationBasedMultiLabelLearner.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/console/CommandDispatcher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/console/CommonOptions.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/console/LearningDriver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/console/PredictionDriver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/console/builder/BPMLLBuilder.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/console/builder/LearnerBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/console/builder/MMPLearnerBuilder.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/ArgumentNullException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/Converter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/LabelSet.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/MulanException.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/MulanJavadoc.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/MulanRuntimeException.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/Statistics.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/Transformations.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/Util.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/WekaException.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/Converter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/ConverterCLUS.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/ConverterLibSVM.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/DataLoadException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/InvalidDataFormatException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/LabelNode.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/LabelNodeImpl.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/LabelSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/LabelsBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/LabelsBuilderException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/LabelsMetaData.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/LabelsMetaDataImpl.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/MultiLabelInstances.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/Statistics.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/impl/LabelNodeImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/impl/LabelsBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/impl/LabelsBuilderException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/impl/LabelsMetaDataImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/impl/labels.xsd][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/data/labels.xsd][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/neural/ActivationFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/neural/ActivationLinear.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/neural/ActivationTANH.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/neural/BasicNeuralNet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/neural/NeuralNet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/core/neural/Neuron.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/ConditionalDependenceIdentifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/ConverterCLUS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/ConverterLibSVM.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/DataLoadException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/DataUtils.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/GreedyLabelClustering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/InvalidDataFormatException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/IterativeStratification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelClustering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelNodeImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelPairsDependenceIdentifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelPowersetStratification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelSet.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelsBuilder.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelsBuilderException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelsMetaData.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelsMetaDataImpl.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/LabelsPair.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/MultiLabelInstances.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/Statistics.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/Stratification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/UnconditionalChiSquareIdentifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/data/labels.xsd][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/dimensionalityReduction/BinaryRelevanceAttributeEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/dimensionalityReduction/LabelPowersetAttributeEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/dimensionalityReduction/MultiClassAttributeEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/dimensionalityReduction/Ranker.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/Averaging.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/BinaryPrediction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/ConfidenceLabelBasedMeasures.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/CrossValidation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/Evaluation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/EvaluationBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/Evaluator.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/ExampleBasedCrossValidation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/ExampleBasedEvaluation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/ExampleBasedMeasures.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/HierarchicalMeasures.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/IntegratedCrossvalidation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/IntegratedEvaluation.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/LabelBasedCrossValidation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/LabelBasedEvaluation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/LabelBasedMeasures.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/LabelRankingBasedCrossValidation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/LabelRankingBasedEvaluation.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/MultipleEvaluation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/PhiCoefficient.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/RankingBasedMeasures.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/BipartitionLossFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/BipartitionLossFunctionBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/ErrorSetSize.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/HammingLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/HierarchicalLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/IsError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/MultiLabelLossFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/OneError.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/OneMinusAveragePrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/RankingLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/RankingLossFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/loss/RankingLossFunctionBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/AveragePrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/AvgPMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/BipartitionMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ConfidenceMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/Coverage.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ErrorSetSize.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ErrorSetSizeMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedAccuracy.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedBipartitionMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedBipartitionMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedFMeasure.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedPrecision.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedRankingMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedRecall.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedSpecificity.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/FMeasure.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/GeometricMeanAverageInterpolatedPrecision.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/GeometricMeanAveragePrecision.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/HammingLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/HierarchicalLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/InformationRetrievalMeasures.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/IsError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/IsErrorMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedAUC.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedAveragePrecision.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedBipartitionMeasureBase.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedFMeasure.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedPrecision.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedRecall.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedSpecificity.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LossBasedBipartitionMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LossBasedRankingMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MAP.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MAPMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroAUC.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroAverageMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroFMeasure.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroPrecision.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroRecall.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroSpecificity.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MeanAverageInterpolatedPrecision.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MeanAveragePrecision.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/Measure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroAUC.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroFMeasure.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroPrecision.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroRecall.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroSpecificity.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/OneError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/OneErrorMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/RankingLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/RankingMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/evaluation/measure/SubsetAccuracy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/AttributeSelectionTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/CrossValidationExperiment.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/DimensionalityReductionTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/EstimationOfStatistics.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/GettingPredictionsOnTestSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/GettingPredictionsOnUnlabeledData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/LPBRMethodsExamples.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/StoringAndLoadingModels.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/SubsetLearnerExamples.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/examples/TrainTestExperiment.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/experiments/Experiment.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/experiments/ICDM08EnsembleOfPrunedSets.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/experiments/ICTAI2010.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/experiments/MachineLearning09IBLR.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/experiments/PatternRecognition07MLkNN.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/BinaryRelevanceTransformation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/IncludeLabelsTransformation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/LabelPowersetTransformation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/PT6Transformation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/PhiCoefficient.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/RemoveAllLabels.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/Copy.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/CopyWeight.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/Ignore.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/MultiClassTransformation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/MultiClassTransformationBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/SelectBasedOnFrequency.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/SelectRandom.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/SelectionType.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/ClassifierTweaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/Converter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/DatasetReference.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/Experiment.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/InterlacedCV.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/Log.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/MulanTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/OptionRange.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/PerformanceTrace.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/Run.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/TestMultiLabelKNN.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/TestRAKEL.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/Tester.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/meta/HMCTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/meta/HOMERTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/meta/MultiLabelMetaLearnerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/meta/RAkELTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/meta/RAkELdTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelLearnerTestBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/lazy/BRkNNTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/lazy/IBLR_MLTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/lazy/MLkNNTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/lazy/MultiLabelKNNTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/ClusteringBasedTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/EnsembleOfSubsetLearnersTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/EnsembleOfSubsetLearners_ConditionalTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/HMCTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/HOMERTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/MultiLabelMetaLearnerTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/RAkELTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/RAkELdTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/SubsetLearnerWithGreedyClusteringTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/SubsetLearnerWithGreedyClustering_ConditionalTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ExampleBasedFMeasureOptimizerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/MLPTOTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/MetaLabelerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/OneThresholdTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/RCutTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/SCutTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ThresholdPredictionTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/ActivationLinearTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/ActivationTANHTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/BPMLLAlgorithmTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/BPMLLTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/BasicNeuralNetTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/DataPairTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPLearnerTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/NeuronTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/ThresholdFunctionTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationLinearTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationTANHTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/model/BasicNeuralNetTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/neural/model/NeuronTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/BinaryRelevanceTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/CalibratedLabelRankingTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/ClassifierChainTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/ClassifierChainsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/EnsembleOfClassifierChainsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/EnsembleOfPrunedSetsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/IncludeLabelsClassifierTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/LabelPowerSetTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiClassLearnerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiLabelStackingTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/PPTTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/PrunedSetsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/classifier/transformation/TransformationBasedMultiLabelLearnerTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/console/CommandDispatcherTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/core/data/LabelsMetaDataImplTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/core/neural/ActivationLinearTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/core/neural/ActivationTANHTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/core/neural/BasicNeuralNetTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/core/neural/NeuronTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/LabelNodeImplTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/LabelsBuilderTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/LabelsMetaDataImplTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/MultiLabelInstancesTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/generation/Attribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/generation/DataSetBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/generation/DataSetDefinition.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/generation/NominalAttribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/mulan/data/generation/NumericAttribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/testmlknn.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][test/testmultiknn.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][train-nb.pl][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/.classpath][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/.project][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/.classpath][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/.project][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/build.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/changelog.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/emotions.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/emotions.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/emotions-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/emotions-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/emotions.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/emotions10-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/emotions10-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/hierarchical-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/hierarchical-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/hierarchical.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/hierarchical10-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/hierarchical10-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/sparseDataSet-test.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/sparseDataSet-train.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/data/testData/sparseDataSet.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/lib/test/emma.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/lib/test/emma_ant.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/lib/test/junit-4.10.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/lib/weka-3.7.6.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/license.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/nbproject/project.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/readme.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/InvalidDataException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/LearnerException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/ModelInitializationException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelLearner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelLearnerBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelOutput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/lazy/BRkNN.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/lazy/IBLR_ML.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/lazy/MLkNN.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/lazy/MultiLabelKNN.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/ClusteringBased.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/ConstrainedKMeans.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/EnsembleOfSubsetLearners.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/HMC.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/HMCNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/HOMER.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/HierarchyBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/MultiLabelMetaLearner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/RAkEL.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/RAkELd.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/SubsetLearner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ExampleBasedFMeasureOptimizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/MLPTO.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/Meta.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/MetaLabeler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/OneThreshold.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/RCut.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/SCut.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ThresholdPrediction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/BPMLL.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/BPMLLAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/DataPair.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPLearner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPMaxUpdateRule.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPRandomizedUpdateRule.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPUniformUpdateRule.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPUpdateRuleBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPUpdateRuleType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/ModelUpdateRule.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/NormalizationFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/ThresholdFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationLinear.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationTANH.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/BasicNeuralNet.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/NeuralNet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/neural/model/Neuron.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/AdaBoostMH.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/BinaryRelevance.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/CalibratedLabelRanking.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/ClassifierChain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/EnsembleOfClassifierChains.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/EnsembleOfPrunedSets.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/IncludeLabelsClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/LabelPowerset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/LabelsetPruning.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiClassLearner.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiLabelStacking.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/PPT.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/PrunedSets.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/classifier/transformation/TransformationBasedMultiLabelLearner.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/core/ArgumentNullException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/core/MulanException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/core/MulanJavadoc.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/core/MulanRuntimeException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/core/Util.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/core/WekaException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/ConditionalDependenceIdentifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/ConverterCLUS.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/ConverterLibSVM.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/DataLoadException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/DataUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/GreedyLabelClustering.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/InvalidDataFormatException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/IterativeStratification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelClustering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelNodeImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelPairsDependenceIdentifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelPowersetStratification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelsBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelsBuilderException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelsMetaData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelsMetaDataImpl.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/LabelsPair.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/MultiLabelInstances.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/Statistics.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/Stratification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/UnconditionalChiSquareIdentifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/data/labels.xsd][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/dimensionalityReduction/BinaryRelevanceAttributeEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/dimensionalityReduction/LabelPowersetAttributeEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/dimensionalityReduction/MultiClassAttributeEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/dimensionalityReduction/Ranker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/Evaluation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/Evaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/MultipleEvaluation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/BipartitionLossFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/BipartitionLossFunctionBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/ErrorSetSize.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/HammingLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/HierarchicalLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/IsError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/MultiLabelLossFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/OneError.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/OneMinusAveragePrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/RankingLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/RankingLossFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/loss/RankingLossFunctionBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/AveragePrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/BipartitionMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ConfidenceMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/Coverage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ErrorSetSize.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedAccuracy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedBipartitionMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedFMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedPrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedRecall.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/ExampleBasedSpecificity.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/GeometricMeanAverageInterpolatedPrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/GeometricMeanAveragePrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/HammingLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/HierarchicalLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/InformationRetrievalMeasures.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/IsError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedAUC.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedAveragePrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedBipartitionMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedFMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedPrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedRecall.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LabelBasedSpecificity.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LossBasedBipartitionMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/LossBasedRankingMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroAUC.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroAverageMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroFMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroPrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroRecall.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MacroSpecificity.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MeanAverageInterpolatedPrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MeanAveragePrecision.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/Measure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroAUC.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroFMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroPrecision.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroRecall.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/MicroSpecificity.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/OneError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/RankingLoss.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/RankingMeasureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/evaluation/measure/SubsetAccuracy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/examples/CrossValidationExperiment.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/examples/DimensionalityReductionTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/examples/EstimationOfStatistics.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/examples/GettingPredictionsOnUnlabeledData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/examples/StoringAndLoadingModels.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/examples/SubsetLearnerExamples.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/examples/TrainTestExperiment.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/experiments/Experiment.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/experiments/ICDM08EnsembleOfPrunedSets.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/experiments/ICTAI2010.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/experiments/MachineLearning09IBLR.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/experiments/PatternRecognition07MLkNN.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/BinaryRelevanceTransformation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/IncludeLabelsTransformation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/LabelPowersetTransformation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/RemoveAllLabels.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/Copy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/CopyWeight.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/Ignore.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/MultiClassTransformation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/MultiClassTransformationBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/SelectBasedOnFrequency.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/SelectRandom.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/src/mulan/transformations/multiclass/SelectionType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/MultiLabelLearnerTestBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/lazy/BRkNNTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/lazy/IBLR_MLTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/lazy/MLkNNTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/lazy/MultiLabelKNNTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/ClusteringBasedTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/EnsembleOfSubsetLearnersTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/EnsembleOfSubsetLearners_ConditionalTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/HMCTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/HOMERTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/MultiLabelMetaLearnerTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/RAkELTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/RAkELdTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/SubsetLearnerWithGreedyClusteringTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/SubsetLearnerWithGreedyClustering_ConditionalTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ExampleBasedFMeasureOptimizerTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/MLPTOTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/MetaLabelerTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/OneThresholdTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/RCutTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/SCutTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/meta/thresholding/ThresholdPredictionTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/BPMLLAlgorithmTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/BPMLLTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/DataPairTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/MMPLearnerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/ThresholdFunctionTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationLinearTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/model/ActivationTANHTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/model/BasicNeuralNetTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/neural/model/NeuronTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/BinaryRelevanceTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/CalibratedLabelRankingTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/ClassifierChainTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/EnsembleOfClassifierChainsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/EnsembleOfPrunedSetsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/IncludeLabelsClassifierTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/LabelPowerSetTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiClassLearnerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/MultiLabelStackingTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/PPTTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/PrunedSetsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/classifier/transformation/TransformationBasedMultiLabelLearnerTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/LabelNodeImplTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/LabelsBuilderTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/LabelsMetaDataImplTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/MultiLabelInstancesTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/generation/Attribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/generation/DataSetBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/generation/DataSetDefinition.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/generation/NominalAttribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/mulan/test/mulan/data/generation/NumericAttribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/net.duboue.reveng.javadoc/.classpath][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/net.duboue.reveng.javadoc/.project][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/DrDub/keywords4bytecodes][workspace/net.duboue.reveng.javadoc/src/net/duboue/reveng/javadoc/DumpComments.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][.classpath][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][.gitignore][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][.project][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][.settings/org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/stopwords.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/lexicon.csv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/stopwords.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc1.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc2.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc3.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc4.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc5.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/import/sample.in][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/output-rekey.csv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/stopwords.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/import/patterns-raw.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/import/sample.in][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/import/stoplist.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/.hprj][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/import/trecgen06.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Hoop.jar][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Hoop.jardesc][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][INHoop.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][INHoop.jardesc][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][INHoopRemoteTask.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][INHoopRemoteTask.jardesc][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][INMain.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][INMain.jardesc][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][LICENSE.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][MANIFESTREMOTE][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][MANIFEST][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][README.txt][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][README][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Architecture.pptx][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Documentation/Architecture.pptx][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Documentation/Data-Design.pptx][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Documentation/HelpGraphics.pptx][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Documentation/Java SAS Integration-030-29.pdf][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Documentation/UML+DomainModels.pptx][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Documentation/stylesheet.css][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Agatha Christie - The Mysterious Affair at Styles.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/MovieReviews-Full.csv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc1.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc10.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc2.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc3.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc4.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc5.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc6.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc7.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc8.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/Wiki-10/wiki-doc9.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/books.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/playtennis.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleData/stoplist.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects.zip][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO/.hprj][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO/graph.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO/preview.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO2/.hprj][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO2/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO2/stopwords.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO2/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO2/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO2/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1-HelloStandardIO2/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/.hprj][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/.hprj][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/graph.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/logs/je.log.txt][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/preview.png][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/roomannotations.csv][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/system/import/Apache_UIMA.txt][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/system/import/IBM_LifeSciences.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/system/import/New_IBM_Fellows.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/system/import/SeminarChallengesInSpeechRecognition.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/system/import/TrainableInformationExtractionSystems.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/system/import/UIMASummerSchool2003.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/system/import/UIMA_Seminars.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample10-UIMARoomAnnotator/system/import/WatsonConferenceRooms.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/.hprj][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/stopwords.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample1b/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/.hprj][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/Readme.txt][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/graph.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/lexicon.csv][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/logs/je.log.txt.1][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/logs/je.log.txt.2][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/logs/je.log.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/preview.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/stopwords.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/import/wiki-doc1.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/import/wiki-doc2.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/import/wiki-doc3.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/import/wiki-doc4.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2-CreateLexicon/system/import/wiki-doc5.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/.hprj][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/lexicon.csv][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/stopwords.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc1.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc2.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc3.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc4.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample2/system/import/wiki-doc5.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/.hprj][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/graph.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/logs/je.log.txt.1][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/logs/je.log.txt.2][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/logs/je.log.txt][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3-NameEntityRecognition(Partial)/system/import/sample.in][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/.hprj][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample3/system/import/sample.in][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/.hprj][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/logs/je.log.txt.1][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/logs/je.log.txt][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/output-rekey.csv][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/output.csv][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/preview.png][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/stopwords.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/system/import/patterns-raw.txt][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/system/import/sample.in][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition(Full)/system/import/stoplist.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/.hprj][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/logs/je.log.txt.1][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/logs/je.log.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/output-rekey.csv][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/output.csv][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/stopwords.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/system/import/patterns-raw.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/system/import/sample.in][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4-NameEntityRecognition/system/import/stoplist.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/.hprj][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/graph.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/logs/je.log.txt.1][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/logs/je.log.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/output-rekey.csv][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/stopwords.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/import/patterns-raw.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/import/sample.in][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample4/system/import/stoplist.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/.hprj][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/graph.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample5-ParseTree/system/import/trecgen06.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample6-WikiSearch/.hprj][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample6-WikiSearch/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample6-WikiSearch/logs/je.log.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample6-WikiSearch/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample6-WikiSearch/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample6-WikiSearch/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample6-WikiSearch/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample7-PipelineTest/.hprj][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample7-PipelineTest/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample7-PipelineTest/logs/je.log.txt][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample7-PipelineTest/preview.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample7-PipelineTest/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample7-PipelineTest/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample7-PipelineTest/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample7-PipelineTest/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/.hprj][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/logs/je.log.txt.1][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/logs/je.log.txt.2][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/logs/je.log.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample8-BatchTest/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample9-BatchTestSampled/.hprj][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample9-BatchTestSampled/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample9-BatchTestSampled/logs/je.log.txt.1][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample9-BatchTestSampled/logs/je.log.txt.2][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopExample9-BatchTestSampled/logs/je.log.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/Thumbs.db][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/.classpath][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/.project][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/bin/RoomNumber.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/bin/RoomNumberAnnotator.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/bin/RoomNumberAnnotator.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/bin/RoomNumberAnnotatorDescriptor.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/bin/RoomNumberAnnotatorPipeline.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/bin/RoomNumber_Type$1.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/bin/RoomNumber_Type.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/bin/TutorialTypeSystem.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/src/RoomNumber.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/src/RoomNumberAnnotator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/src/RoomNumberAnnotator.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/src/RoomNumberAnnotatorDescriptor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/src/RoomNumberAnnotatorPipeline.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/src/RoomNumberAnnotatorStyleMap.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/src/RoomNumber_Type.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/UIMAFitExample2/src/TutorialTypeSystem.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/bin/RoomNumber.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/bin/RoomNumberAnnotator.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/bin/RoomNumberAnnotator.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/bin/RoomNumberAnnotatorDescriptor.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/bin/RoomNumberAnnotatorPipeline.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/bin/RoomNumber_Type$1.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/bin/RoomNumber_Type.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/bin/TutorialTypeSystem.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/logs/je.log.txt.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/logs/je.log.txt][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/RoomNumberAnnotator.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/RoomNumberAnnotator.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/RoomNumberAnnotatorDescriptor.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/RoomNumberAnnotatorPipeline.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/TutorialTypeSystem.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/type/RoomNumber.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/type/RoomNumber_Type$1.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/type/RoomNumber_Type.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/preview.png][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/RoomNumber.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/RoomNumberAnnotator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/RoomNumberAnnotator.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/RoomNumberAnnotatorDescriptor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/RoomNumberAnnotatorPipeline.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/RoomNumberAnnotatorStyleMap.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/RoomNumber_Type.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/TutorialTypeSystem.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/RoomNumberAnnotator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/RoomNumberAnnotator.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/RoomNumberAnnotatorDescriptor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/RoomNumberAnnotatorPipeline.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/ex1/TutorialTypeSystem.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/type/RoomNumber.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/src/org/uimafit/examples/tutorial/type/RoomNumber_Type.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopGenericRoomAnnotator/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/.hprj][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/data/guten/solr.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/data/oaqa-eval.db3][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/logs/je.log.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/preview.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/gs/small.keyterm][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/gs/small.passage][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/collection/decorated-collection-reader.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-decorator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-decorator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/db/local-persistence-provider (jdbc).yaml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/db/local-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluation-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/helloqa.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/keyterm/simple.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/passage/simple.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/report/keyterm-report-component.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/report/map-report-component.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/helloqa/retrieval/simple-solr-strategist.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/input/small.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/input/subdir/1.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/resources/input/subdir/file3.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/keyterm/SimpleKeytermExtractor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorerProduct.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorerSum.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/PassageCandidateFinder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/SimplePassageExtractor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/retrieval/SimpleSolrRetrievalStrategist.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/gs/small.keyterm][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/gs/small.passage][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/decorated-collection-reader.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-decorator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-decorator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/db/local-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluation-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/helloqa.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/keyterm/simple.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/passage/simple.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/report/keyterm-report-component.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/report/map-report-component.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/helloqa/retrieval/simple-solr-strategist.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/input/small.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/input/subdir/1.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/src/main/resources/input/subdir/file3.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$1.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$2.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$3.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$4.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$5.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$6.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/keyterm/SimpleKeytermExtractor.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorer.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorerProduct.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorerSum.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/PassageCandidateFinder$PassageCandidateComparator.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/PassageCandidateFinder$PassageSpan.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/PassageCandidateFinder.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/SimplePassageExtractor$1.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/SimplePassageExtractor.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/retrieval/SimpleSolrRetrievalStrategist.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/gs/small.keyterm][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/gs/small.passage][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/collection/decorated-collection-reader.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-decorator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-decorator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/db/local-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluation-persistence-provider.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator-consumer.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/helloqa.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/keyterm/simple.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/passage/simple.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/report/keyterm-report-component.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/report/map-report-component.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/helloqa/retrieval/simple-solr-strategist.yaml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/input/small.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/input/subdir/1.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopNativeUIMACSEPipeline/target/classes/input/subdir/file3.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/.hprj][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/data/guten/solr.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/data/oaqa-eval.db3][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/graph.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/logs/je.log.txt.1][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/logs/je.log.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/output-rekey.csv.csv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/output.csv.csv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/preview.png][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/gs/small.keyterm][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/gs/small.passage][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/collection/decorated-collection-reader.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-decorator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-decorator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/db/local-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluation-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/helloqa.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/keyterm/simple.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/passage/simple.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/report/keyterm-report-component.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/report/map-report-component.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/helloqa/retrieval/simple-solr-strategist.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/input/small.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/input/subdir/1.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/resources/input/subdir/file3.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/keyterm/SimpleKeytermExtractor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorerProduct.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorerSum.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/PassageCandidateFinder.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/SimplePassageExtractor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/java/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/retrieval/SimpleSolrRetrievalStrategist.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/gs/small.keyterm][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/gs/small.passage][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/decorated-collection-reader.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-decorator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-decorator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/db/local-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluation-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/helloqa.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/keyterm/simple.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/passage/simple.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/report/keyterm-report-component.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/report/map-report-component.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/helloqa/retrieval/simple-solr-strategist.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/input/small.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/input/subdir/1.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/src/main/resources/input/subdir/file3.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/stopwords.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/system/documents/00000000.jdb][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/system/documents/je.info.0][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/system/documents/je.lck][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/system/import/patterns-raw.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/system/import/sample.in][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/system/import/stoplist.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$1.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$2.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$3.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$4.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$5.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider$6.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/eval/passage/PassageMAPEvalPersistenceProvider.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/keyterm/SimpleKeytermExtractor.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorer.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorerProduct.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/KeytermWindowScorerSum.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/PassageCandidateFinder$PassageCandidateComparator.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/PassageCandidateFinder$PassageSpan.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/PassageCandidateFinder.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/SimplePassageExtractor$1.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/passage/SimplePassageExtractor.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/openqa/hello/retrieval/SimpleSolrRetrievalStrategist.class][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/gs/small.keyterm][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/gs/small.passage][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/collection/decorated-collection-reader.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-decorator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/collection/keyterm-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-decorator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/collection/passage-gs-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/db/local-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-aggregator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluation-persistence-provider.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/keyterm-evaluator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/passage-map-aggregator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator-consumer.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/eval/passage-map-evaluator.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/helloqa.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/keyterm/simple.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/passage/simple.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/report/keyterm-report-component.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/report/map-report-component.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/helloqa/retrieval/simple-solr-strategist.yaml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/input/small.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/input/subdir/1.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/ExampleProjects/HoopUIMAComparison/target/classes/input/subdir/file3.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/CellRenderers/ButtonExample.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/ClassLoading/MainClass.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/ClassLoading/MyClassLoader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/ClassLoading/ThingDoer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/JPanelScale/JPanelScale.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/JTreeDnD/.classpath][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/JTreeDnD/.project][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/JTreeDnD/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/JTreeDnD/TransferableTreeNode.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/JTreeDnD/TreeDragSource.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/JTreeDnD/TreeDragTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/JTreeDnD/TreeDropTarget.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/.classpath][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/.gitignore][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/.project][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/.settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/INHoopJava3D.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/INHoopJava3D.jardesc][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/MANIFEST][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/lib/j3dcore.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/lib/j3dutils.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/lib/jdom.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/lib/vecmath.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/resources/hextexture.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/resources/textures.pptx][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/runApp.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/src/INHoopJava3D.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/src/INHoopJava3DJPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/src/INHoopRoot.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Experiments/Java3D/src/assets/images/hextexture.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Hoop-Graphics.pptx][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/HoopPluginExamples.zip][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Linguistics/EngPronouns.csv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Linguistics/EngPronouns.xlsx][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Logo.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/OpenCloud/hdrunjob-10.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/OpenCloud/hdrunjob-new.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/OpenCloud/hdrunjob.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/OpenCloud/hdu.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/R/hoop-generated.dat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/R/hoop-tools.r][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/R/one-sample-t-test.r][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/hdrunjob-wiki10.sh][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/hdrunjob-wiki1k.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/hdrunjob-wiki60k.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/hoop.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/runbroker.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/runstats-rare.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/runstats-top.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/Scripts/showhelp.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest1/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest1/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest1/preview.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest1/system/import/test.dat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest1/system/import/train.dat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest1/system/import/words][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest2/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest2/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest2/system/import/test.dat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest2/system/import/train_induction.dat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest2/system/import/train_transduction.dat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest2/system/import/words][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest3/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest3/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest3/system/import/test.dat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopLinearMLTest3/system/import/train.dat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopNativeUIMACPETest/.hprj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopNativeUIMACPETest/RoomNumberAnnotator.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopNativeUIMACPETest/graph.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopNativeUIMACPETest/preview.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopPipelineTest/.hprj][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopPipelineTest/graph.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopPipelineTest/logs/je.log.txt][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopPipelineTest/system/documents/00000000.jdb][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopPipelineTest/system/documents/je.info.0.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopPipelineTest/system/documents/je.info.0][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/TestProjects/HoopPipelineTest/system/documents/je.lck][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/02-10-2013-Hoop-ExecutionMonitor-Linear.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/02-10-2013-Hoop-ExecutionMonitor-Staggered.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/02-10-2013-Hoop-GraphEditorStabilized.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/04-28-2013-Hoop-UIMAIntegration.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/08-14-2012-Hoop-LexiconCreating.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/08-17-2012-Hoop-LexiconCreating.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/09-14-2012-Hoop-LexiconCreating.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/09-17-2012-Hoop-LexiconCreating.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/09-20-2012-Hoop-DatabaseToDocumentTransformations.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/10-14-2012-Hoop-LexiconCreating-Optimized.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/10-20-2012-Hoop-GeneNameEntityPatternMatching.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/11-09-2012-Hoop-Trec-VisualParseTree.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/12-01-2012-Hoop-SIDE-EarlyIntegration.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/12-12-2012-Hoop-LexiconCreating.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/Hoop-v0.45.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/Hoop-v0.46.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualProgress/IR-Hoop-ClusterPerformanceMonitor.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualReferences/HoopNewNodeDesign.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualReferences/ProgressMonitor.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualReferences/Source-ShaderEditor.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualReferences/Unity-NodeShader.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualReferences/eclipse-icons.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualReferences/led-icons.jpg][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Resources/VisualReferences/shader-editor.jpg][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/2.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/a.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/adoption.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/africa.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/air.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/alexian.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/and.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/arizona.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/atari.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/border.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/brothers.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/budget.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/build.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/calculator.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/casino.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/center.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/charleston.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/chef.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/convention.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/county.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/design.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/disneyland.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/dogs.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/er.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/espn.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/euclid.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/family.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/fence.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/fish.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/for.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/french.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/game.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/games.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/gps.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/heart.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/hospital.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/hosting.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/hotel.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/how.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/information.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/joints.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/kcs.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/keyboard.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/lick.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/lower.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/man.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/music.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/neil.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/obama.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/of.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/orange.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/pampered.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/patrol.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/poker.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/president.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/ps.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/rate.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/resort.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/reviews.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/sc.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/show.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/south.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/sports.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/states.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/texas.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/the.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/to.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/tournaments.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/travel.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/tree.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/tv.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/united.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/uss.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/volvo.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/website.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/wedding.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/yorktown.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/InvertedLists/young.inv][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc1.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc10.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc2.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc3.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc4.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc5.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc6.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc7.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc8.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-10/wiki-doc9.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc1.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc10.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc100.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc1000.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc101.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc102.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc103.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc104.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc105.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc106.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc107.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc108.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc109.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc11.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc110.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc111.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc112.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc113.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc114.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc115.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc116.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc117.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc118.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc119.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc12.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc120.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc121.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc122.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc123.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc124.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc125.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc126.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc127.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc128.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc129.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc13.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc130.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc131.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc132.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc133.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc134.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc135.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc136.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc137.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc138.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc139.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc14.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc140.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc141.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc142.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc143.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc144.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc145.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc146.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc147.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc148.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc149.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc15.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc150.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc151.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc152.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc153.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc154.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc155.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc156.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc157.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc158.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc159.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc16.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc160.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc161.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc162.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc163.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc164.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc165.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc166.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc167.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc168.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc169.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc17.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc170.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc171.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc172.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc173.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc174.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc175.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc176.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc177.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc178.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc179.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc18.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc180.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc181.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc182.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc183.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc184.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc185.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc186.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc187.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc188.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc189.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc19.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc190.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc191.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc192.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc193.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc194.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc195.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc196.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc197.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc198.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc199.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc2.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc20.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc200.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc201.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc202.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc203.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc204.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc205.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc206.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc207.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc208.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc209.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc21.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc210.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc211.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc212.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc213.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc214.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc215.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc216.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc217.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc218.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc219.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc22.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc220.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc221.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc222.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc223.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc224.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc225.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc226.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc227.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc228.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc229.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc23.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc230.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc231.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc232.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc233.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc234.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc235.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc236.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc237.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc238.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc239.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc24.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc240.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc241.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc242.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc243.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc244.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc245.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc246.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc247.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc248.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc249.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc25.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc250.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc251.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc252.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc253.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc254.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc255.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc256.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc257.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc258.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc259.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc26.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc260.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc261.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc262.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc263.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc264.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc265.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc266.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc267.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc268.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc269.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc27.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc270.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc271.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc272.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc273.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc274.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc275.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc276.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc277.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc278.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc279.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc28.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc280.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc281.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc282.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc283.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc284.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc285.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc286.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc287.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc288.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc289.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc29.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc290.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc291.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc292.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc293.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc294.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc295.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc296.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc297.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc298.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc299.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc3.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc30.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc300.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc301.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc302.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc303.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc304.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc305.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc306.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc307.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc308.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc309.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc31.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc310.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc311.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc312.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc313.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc314.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc315.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc316.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc317.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc318.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc319.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc32.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc320.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc321.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc322.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc323.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc324.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc325.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc326.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc327.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc328.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc329.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc33.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc330.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc331.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc332.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc333.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc334.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc335.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc336.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc337.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc338.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc339.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc34.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc340.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc341.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc342.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc343.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc344.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc345.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc346.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc347.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc348.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc349.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc35.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc350.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc351.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc352.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc353.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc354.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc355.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc356.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc357.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc358.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc359.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc36.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc360.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc361.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc362.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc363.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc364.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc365.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc366.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc367.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc368.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc369.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc37.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc370.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc371.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc372.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc373.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc374.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc375.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc376.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc377.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc378.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc379.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc38.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc380.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc381.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc382.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc383.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc384.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc385.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc386.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc387.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc388.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc389.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc39.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc390.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc391.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc392.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc393.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc394.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc395.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc396.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc397.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc398.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc399.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc4.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc40.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc400.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc401.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc402.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc403.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc404.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc405.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc406.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc407.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc408.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc409.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc41.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc410.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc411.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc412.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc413.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc414.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc415.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc416.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc417.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc418.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc419.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc42.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc420.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc421.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc422.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc423.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc424.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc425.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc426.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc427.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc428.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc429.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc43.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc430.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc431.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc432.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc433.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc434.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc435.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc436.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc437.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc438.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc439.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc44.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc440.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc441.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc442.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc443.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc444.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc445.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc446.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc447.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc448.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc449.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc45.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc450.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc451.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc452.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc453.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc454.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc455.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc456.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc457.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc458.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc459.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc46.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc460.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc461.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc462.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc463.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc464.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc465.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc466.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc467.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc468.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc469.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc47.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc470.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc471.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc472.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc473.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc474.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc475.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc476.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc477.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc478.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc479.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc48.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc480.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc481.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc482.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc483.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc484.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc485.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc486.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc487.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc488.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc489.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc49.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc490.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc491.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc492.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc493.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc494.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc495.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc496.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc497.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc498.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc499.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc5.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc50.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc500.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc501.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc502.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc503.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc504.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc505.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc506.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc507.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc508.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc509.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc51.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc510.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc511.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc512.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc513.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc514.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc515.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc516.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc517.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc518.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc519.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc52.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc520.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc521.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc522.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc523.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc524.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc525.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc526.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc527.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc528.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc529.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc53.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc530.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc531.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc532.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc533.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc534.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc535.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc536.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc537.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc538.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc539.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc54.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc540.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc541.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc542.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc543.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc544.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc545.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc546.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc547.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc548.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc549.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc55.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc550.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc551.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc552.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc553.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc554.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc555.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc556.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc557.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc558.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc559.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc56.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc560.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc561.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc562.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc563.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc564.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc565.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc566.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc567.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc568.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc569.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc57.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc570.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc571.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc572.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc573.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc574.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc575.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc576.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc577.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc578.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc579.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc58.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc580.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc581.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc582.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc583.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc584.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc585.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc586.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc587.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc588.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc589.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc59.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc590.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc591.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc592.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc593.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc594.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc595.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc596.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc597.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc598.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc599.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc6.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc60.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc600.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc601.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc602.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc603.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc604.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc605.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc606.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc607.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc608.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc609.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc61.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc610.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc611.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc612.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc613.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc614.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc615.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc616.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc617.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc618.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc619.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc62.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc620.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc621.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc622.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc623.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc624.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc625.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc626.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc627.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc628.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc629.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc63.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc630.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc631.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc632.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc633.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc634.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc635.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc636.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc637.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc638.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc639.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc64.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc640.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc641.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc642.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc643.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc644.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc645.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc646.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc647.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc648.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc649.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc65.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc650.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc651.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc652.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc653.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc654.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc655.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc656.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc657.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc658.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc659.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc66.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc660.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc661.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc662.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc663.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc664.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc665.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc666.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc667.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc668.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc669.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc67.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc670.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc671.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc672.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc673.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc674.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc675.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc676.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc677.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc678.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc679.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc68.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc680.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc681.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc682.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc683.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc684.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc685.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc686.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc687.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc688.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc689.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc69.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc690.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc691.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc692.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc693.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc694.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc695.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc696.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc697.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc698.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc699.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc7.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc70.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc700.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc701.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc702.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc703.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc704.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc705.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc706.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc707.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc708.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc709.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc71.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc710.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc711.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc712.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc713.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc714.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc715.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc716.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc717.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc718.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc719.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc72.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc720.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc721.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc722.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc723.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc724.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc725.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc726.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc727.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc728.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc729.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc73.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc730.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc731.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc732.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc733.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc734.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc735.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc736.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc737.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc738.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc739.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc74.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc740.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc741.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc742.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc743.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc744.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc745.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc746.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc747.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc748.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc749.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc75.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc750.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc751.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc752.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc753.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc754.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc755.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc756.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc757.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc758.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc759.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc76.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc760.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc761.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc762.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc763.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc764.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc765.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc766.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc767.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc768.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc769.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc77.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc770.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc771.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc772.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc773.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc774.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc775.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc776.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc777.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc778.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc779.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc78.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc780.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc781.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc782.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc783.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc784.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc785.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc786.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc787.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc788.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc789.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc79.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc790.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc791.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc792.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc793.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc794.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc795.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc796.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc797.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc798.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc799.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc8.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc80.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc800.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc801.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc802.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc803.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc804.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc805.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc806.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc807.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc808.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc809.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc81.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc810.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc811.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc812.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc813.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc814.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc815.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc816.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc817.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc818.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc819.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc82.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc820.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc821.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc822.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc823.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc824.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc825.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc826.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc827.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc828.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc829.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc83.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc830.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc831.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc832.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc833.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc834.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc835.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc836.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc837.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc838.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc839.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc84.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc840.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc841.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc842.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc843.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc844.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc845.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc846.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc847.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc848.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc849.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc85.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc850.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc851.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc852.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc853.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc854.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc855.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc856.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc857.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc858.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc859.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc86.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc860.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc861.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc862.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc863.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc864.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc865.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc866.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc867.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc868.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc869.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc87.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc870.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc871.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc872.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc873.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc874.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc875.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc876.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc877.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc878.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc879.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc88.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc880.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc881.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc882.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc883.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc884.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc885.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc886.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc887.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc888.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc889.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc89.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc890.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc891.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc892.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc893.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc894.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc895.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc896.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc897.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc898.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc899.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc9.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc90.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc900.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc901.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc902.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc903.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc904.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc905.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc906.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc907.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc908.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc909.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc91.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc910.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc911.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc912.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc913.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc914.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc915.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc916.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc917.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc918.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc919.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc92.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc920.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc921.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc922.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc923.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc924.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc925.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc926.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc927.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc928.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc929.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc93.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc930.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc931.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc932.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc933.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc934.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc935.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc936.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc937.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc938.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc939.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc94.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc940.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc941.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc942.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc943.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc944.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc945.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc946.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc947.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc948.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc949.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc95.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc950.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc951.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc952.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc953.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc954.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc955.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc956.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc957.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc958.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc959.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc96.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc960.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc961.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc962.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc963.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc964.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc965.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc966.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc967.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc968.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc969.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc97.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc970.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc971.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc972.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc973.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc974.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc975.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc976.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc977.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc978.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc979.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc98.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc980.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc981.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc982.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc983.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc984.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc985.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc986.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc987.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc988.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc989.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc99.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc990.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc991.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc992.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc993.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc994.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc995.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc996.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc997.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc998.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/Wiki-1k/wiki-doc999.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/queries.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/DataSet/stoplist.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Root/README.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][Test.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/INHoop.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/INMain.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/INSorterStats$MyComparator.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/INSorterStats.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/INTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/help/back.gif][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/help/credits.html][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/help/duke.gif][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/help/javalogo.gif][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/help/metal.html][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/help/metalworks.html][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/help/swing.html][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/help/toc.html][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/assets/images/machine.png][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/INDataSet.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/INDocument.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/INDocumentParser.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/INHoopMessageHandler.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INDataCollection.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INDf.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMaker.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMakerBase.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMatrixBase.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMatrixLink.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFileManager.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFilterBase.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFixedSizeQueue.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKV.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INLink.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPorterStemmer.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPositionsBase$MyComparator.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPositionsBase.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INSimpleFeatureMaker.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INStringTools.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INToken.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INWikipediaFilter.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INXMLBase.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeatureColorChooser.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeaturePerspective.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeatureWall.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INGrammarPanel.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INGridNode.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INGridNodeVisualizer.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList$1.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList$2.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList$3.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList$CheckBoxItem.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList$CheckBoxRenderer.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckListItem.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJColorTextPanel.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJColorTools.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJFeatureList$1.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJFeatureList$2.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJFeatureList.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INScatterPlot.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INSentenceWall.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INSentinetPanel.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INStatsPanel.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INTabbedControlPane$1.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INTabbedControlPane.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INUniqueUnigrams.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualClass.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualDriver.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeature.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureBase.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureGroup.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureVisualizer.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualRuleFeature.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualSentence.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualSentinetFeature.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INJFrame.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INJInternalFrame.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INJPanel.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/transparent.png][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INHadoopReporter.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INInvertedListMapper.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INInvertedListReducer.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INKeyComparer.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INPartitioner.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INPositionEntry.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INPositionList.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INShardedOutputFormat.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWholeFileInputFormat.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWholeFileRecordReader.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWordCountMapper.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWordCountReducer.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HtmlPane$PageLoader.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HtmlPane.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopCluster.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopConsole.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopConsoleInterface.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopDocumentList.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopDocumentViewer.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopExperimenter.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$1.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$10.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$11.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$12.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$13.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$14.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$15.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$2.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$3.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$4.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$5.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$6.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$7.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$8.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame$9.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopHelp.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopSearch.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopStatusBar$UpdateTimeTask.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopStatusBar.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopVersion.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INMessageHandler.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INServerThread.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INSocketServerBase.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INStreamedSocket.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INCSVReader.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesArffReader.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesAttribute.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesCSVReader.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesCSVWriter.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesClassify.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesData.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesDriver.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesFeature.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesFileBase.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesInstance.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INSentinetReader.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INQueryOperator.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INTextSearch.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INHeapsLaw.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INPerformanceMetrics.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INStatistics.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INStatisticsMeasure.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INStatsBase.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INXYMeasure.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][bin/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INZipfsLaw.class][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][build.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/allclasses-frame.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/allclasses-noframe.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/constant-values.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/deprecated-list.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/INDataSet.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/INDocument.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INDataCollection.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INDf.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMaker.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMakerBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMatrixBase.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMatrixLink.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFileManager.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFilterBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKV.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INLink.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPerformanceMetrics.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPorterStemmer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPositionsBase.MyComparator.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPositionsBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INSimpleFeatureMaker.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INStatistics.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INStatisticsMeasure.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INStringTools.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INToken.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INWikipediaFilter.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INXMLBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INDataCollection.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INDf.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INFeatureMaker.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INFeatureMakerBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INFeatureMatrixBase.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INFeatureMatrixLink.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INFileManager.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INFilterBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INKV.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INLink.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INPerformanceMetrics.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INPorterStemmer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INPositionsBase.MyComparator.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INPositionsBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INSimpleFeatureMaker.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INStatistics.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INStatisticsMeasure.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INStringTools.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INToken.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INWikipediaFilter.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/class-use/INXMLBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/package-frame.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/package-summary.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/package-tree.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/package-use.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/class-use/INDataSet.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/class-use/INDocument.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeatureColorChooser.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeaturePerspective.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeatureWall.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INGrammarPanel.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList.CheckBoxItem.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList.CheckBoxRenderer.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckListItem.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJColorTextPanel.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJColorTools.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJFeatureList.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INSentenceWall.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INSentinetPanel.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INStatsPanel.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INUniqueUnigrams.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualClass.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualDriver.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeature.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureGroup.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureVisualizer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualRuleFeature.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualSentence.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualSentinetFeature.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INFeatureColorChooser.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INFeaturePerspective.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INFeatureWall.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INGrammarPanel.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INJCheckList.CheckBoxItem.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INJCheckList.CheckBoxRenderer.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INJCheckList.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INJCheckListItem.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INJColorTextPanel.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INJColorTools.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INJFeatureList.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INSentenceWall.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INSentinetPanel.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INStatsPanel.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INUniqueUnigrams.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualClass.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualDriver.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualFeature.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualFeatureBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualFeatureGroup.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualFeatureVisualizer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualRuleFeature.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualSentence.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/class-use/INVisualSentinetFeature.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/package-frame.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/package-summary.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/package-tree.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/package-use.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INHadoopReporter.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INInvertedListMapper.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INInvertedListReducer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INKeyComparer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INPartitioner.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INShardedOutputFormat.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWholeFileInputFormat.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWholeFileRecordReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWordCountMapper.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWordCountReducer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INHadoopReporter.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INInvertedListMapper.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INInvertedListReducer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INKeyComparer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INPartitioner.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INShardedOutputFormat.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INWholeFileInputFormat.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INWholeFileRecordReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INWordCountMapper.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/class-use/INWordCountReducer.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/package-frame.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/package-summary.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/package-tree.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/package-use.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INSocketServerBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INStreamedSocket.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INTutorMonitorServerThread.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/class-use/INSocketServerBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/class-use/INStreamedSocket.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/class-use/INTutorMonitorServerThread.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/package-frame.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/package-summary.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/package-tree.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/package-use.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/package-frame.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/package-summary.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/package-tree.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/package-use.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INCSVReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesArffReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesAttribute.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesCSVReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesCSVWriter.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesClassify.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesData.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesDriver.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesFeature.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesFileBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesInstance.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INSentinetReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INCSVReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesArffReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesAttribute.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesCSVReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesCSVWriter.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesClassify.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesData.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesDriver.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesFeature.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesFileBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INQuickBayesInstance.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/class-use/INSentinetReader.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/package-frame.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/package-summary.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/package-tree.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/package-use.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INHeapsLaw.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INStatsBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INZipfsLaw.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/class-use/INHeapsLaw.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/class-use/INStatsBase.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/class-use/INZipfsLaw.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/package-frame.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/package-summary.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/package-tree.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/package-use.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/help-doc.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-1.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-10.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-11.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-12.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-13.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-14.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-15.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-16.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-17.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-18.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-19.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-2.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-20.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-3.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-4.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-5.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-6.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-7.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-8.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index-files/index-9.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/index.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/overview-frame.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/overview-summary.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/overview-tree.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/package-list][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/resources/inherit.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/serialized-form.html][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][doc/stylesheet.css][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][hdrunjob-wiki10.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][hdrunjob-wiki1k.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][hdrunjob-wiki60k.sh][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][hoop.bat][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][javadoc.xml][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/Filters.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/JFlex.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/XMLBoss.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/aopalliance-1.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/batik-all.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/cobra.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/commons-cli-1.2.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/commons-io-1.3.1.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/commons-io-1.4.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/commons-lang-2.4.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/commons-net-3.2.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/forms-1.2.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/guava-14.0.1.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/guava-18.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/hadoop-ant-1.0.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/hadoop-core-1.0.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/hadoop-tools-1.0.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jVinci-2.4.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jVinci.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jackson-annotations-2.1.4.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jackson-core-2.1.4.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jackson-databind-2.1.4.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/java-cup.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/javax.inject.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar-1.4.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/bin/runJCalendarDemo.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/allclasses-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/allclasses-noframe.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/DateUtil.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/IDateEditor.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/IDateEvaluator.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JCalendar.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JCalendarBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JDateChooser.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JDateChooserBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JDateChooserCellEditor.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JDayChooser.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JDayChooserBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JMonthChooser.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JMonthChooserBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JSpinnerDateEditor.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JTextFieldDateEditor.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JYearChooser.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/JYearChooserBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/MinMaxDateEvaluator.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/BirthdayEvaluator.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/DateChooserPanel.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/DateChooserPanelBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/DemoTable.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/JCalendarDemo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/TestDateEvaluator.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/package-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/package-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/demo/package-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/package-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/package-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/calendar/package-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/GenericBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/JLocaleChooser.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/JLocaleChooserBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/JSpinField.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/JSpinFieldBeanInfo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/JTitlePanel.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/LocaleEditor.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/UTF8ResourceBundle.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/package-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/package-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/com/toedter/components/package-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/constant-values.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/deprecated-list.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/help-doc.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/index-all.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/overview-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/overview-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/overview-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/package-list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/resources/inherit.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/serialized-form.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/api/stylesheet.css][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/demo.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/1.4/date-evaluators.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/1.4/special-buttons.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/3plusstars.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JCalendar.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JCalendarColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JCalendarColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JCalendarDialog.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JCalendarIcon.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JCalendarMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JCalendarMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDateChooser.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDateChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDateChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDateChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDateChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDayChooser.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDayChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDayChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDayChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JDayChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JLocaleChooser.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JLocaleChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JLocaleChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JLocaleChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JLocaleChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JMonthChooser.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JMonthChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JMonthChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JMonthChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JMonthChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JSpinField1.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JSpinField2.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JSpinField3.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JSpinFieldColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JSpinFieldColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JSpinFieldMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JSpinFieldMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JYearChooser.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JYearChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JYearChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JYearChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/JYearChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/images/top25.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/license.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/new.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/doc/style.css][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/jcalendar-license.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/jgoodies-looks-license.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/lib/jcalendar-1.4.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/lib/jgoodies-common-1.2.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/lib/jgoodies-looks-2.4.1.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/lib/junit-4.6.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/readme.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/build.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/DateUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/IDateEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/IDateEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JCalendar.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JCalendarBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JDateChooser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JDateChooserBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JDateChooserCellEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JDayChooser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JDayChooserBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JMonthChooser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JMonthChooserBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JSpinnerDateEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JTextFieldDateEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JYearChooser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/JYearChooserBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/MinMaxDateEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/demo/BirthdayEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/demo/DateChooserPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/demo/DateChooserPanelBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/demo/DemoTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/demo/JCalendarDemo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/demo/TestDateEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/demo/images/DemoTableColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/demo/images/JDateChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JCalendarColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JCalendarColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JCalendarMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JCalendarMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDateChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDateChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDateChooserIcon.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDateChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDateChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDayChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDayChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDayChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JDayChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JMonthChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JMonthChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JMonthChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JMonthChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JYearChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JYearChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JYearChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/images/JYearChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_AE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_BH.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_DZ.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_EG.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_IQ.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_JO.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_KW.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_LB.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_LY.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_MA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_OM.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_QA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_SA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_SD.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_SY.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_TN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ar_YE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_be_BY.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_bg_BG.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ca_ES.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_cs_CZ.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_da_DK.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_de_AT.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_de_CH.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_de_DE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_de_LU.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_el_CY.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_el_GR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_AU.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_CA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_GB.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_IE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_IN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_MT.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_NZ.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_PH.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_SG.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_US.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_en_ZA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_AR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_BO.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_CL.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_CO.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_CR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_DO.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_EC.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_ES.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_GT.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_HN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_MX.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_NI.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_PA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_PE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_PR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_PY.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_SV.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_US.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_UY.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_es_VE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_et_EE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_fi_FI.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_fr_BE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_fr_CA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_fr_CH.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_fr_FR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_fr_LU.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ga_IE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_hi_IN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_hr_HR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_hu_HU.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_in_ID.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_is_IS.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_it_CH.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_it_IT.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_iw_IL.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ja_JP.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ja_JP_JP.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ko_KR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_lt_LT.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_lv_LV.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_mk_MK.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ms_MY.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_mt_MT.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_nl_BE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_nl_NL.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_no_NO.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_no_NO_NY.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_pl_PL.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_pt_PT.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ro_RO.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_ru_RU.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_sk_SK.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_sl_SI.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_sq_AL.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_sr_BA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_sr_CS.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_sr_ME.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_sr_RS.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_sv_SE.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_th_TH.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_th_TH_TH.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_tr_TR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_uk_UA.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_vi_VN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_zh_CN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_zh_HK.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_zh_SG.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/calendar/jcalendar_zh_TW.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/GenericBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/JLocaleChooser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/JLocaleChooserBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/JSpinField.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/JSpinFieldBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/JTitlePanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/LocaleEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/UTF8ResourceBundle.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/images/JLocaleChooserColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/images/JLocaleChooserColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/images/JLocaleChooserMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/images/JLocaleChooserMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/images/JSpinFieldColor16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/images/JSpinFieldColor32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/images/JSpinFieldMono16.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/components/images/JSpinFieldMono32.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/com/toedter/plaf/JCalendarTheme.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jcalendar/src/jcalendar.manifest][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jdom.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/je-5.0.34.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jeuclid-core-3.1.9.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jfreechart-1.0.11.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/jgraphx.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/js.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/json-simple-1.1.1.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/junit.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/lingpipe-2.3.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/lucene-analyzers-common-4.0.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/lucene-core-4.0.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/lucene-queryparser-4.0.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/matheclipse-parser-0.0.10.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/packageManager.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/pdf-transcoder.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/pircbot.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/quiet-weka.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/resolver.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/riverlayout.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/serializer.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/snakeyaml-1.15.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/spring-beans-3.1.0.RELEASE.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/spring-context-3.1.0.RELEASE.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/spring-core-3.1.0.RELEASE.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/stanford-parser-2012-07-09-models.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/stanford-parser.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/stanford-postagger-2010-05-26.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/svnkit.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/symja-2012-04-08.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/trident.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/trove.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uima-adapter-soap.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uima-adapter-vinci.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uima-core.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uima-cpe.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uima-document-annotation.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uima-examples.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uima-tools.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uimafit-1.4.0-sources.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uimafit-1.4.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uimaj-adapter-vinci-2.4.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uimaj-bootstrap.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uimaj-core-2.4.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uimaj-cpe-2.4.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uimaj-document-annotation-2.4.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/uimaj-tools-2.4.0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/weka.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/xercesImpl.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/xercesSamples.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/xerces_2_5_0.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/xml-apis-ext.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/xml-apis.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/xmlparserv2.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][lib/yeritools.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][log.txt][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][plugins/HoopMisc.jar][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][plugins/Readme.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][plugins/SIDE/config.xml][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][plugins/SIDE/light.jar][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][plugins/SIDE/weka.jar][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][plugins/light.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][plugins/weka.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][runbroker.bat][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][runbroker.sh][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][runstats-rare.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][runstats-top.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][showhelp.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/BreadCrumbTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/ExplorerFileViewPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/Hoop.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/HoopBroker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/HoopGUITests.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/HoopHadoopBroker.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/HoopRemoteTask.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/HoopSorterStats.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/INHoop.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/INHoopHadoopBroker.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/INHoopRemoteTask.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/INMain.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/INSorterStats.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/INTest.java.eclipse.test][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/INTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/LockableDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/LogDemo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/Hoop-logo.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/Hoop-v0.46.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/back.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/credits.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/duke.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/eclipse.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/github_logo.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/hooptemplate.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/javalogo.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/metal.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/metalworks.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/swing.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/toc.html][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/help/welcome.html][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/Hoop-logo.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/actor.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/alignbottom.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/aligncenter.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/alignleft.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/alignmiddle.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/alignright.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/aligntop.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/alphab_sort_icon.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/annotation.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/arrow-down.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/arrow-up.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/arrow.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/arrow.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/bell.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/block_end.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/block_start.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/bold.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/bottom.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/box.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/broken.jpg][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/cancel_end.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/cancel_intermediate.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/center.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/checkbox.jpg][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/classic_end.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/classic_start.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/clock.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/close.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/cloud.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/collapse.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/connect.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/connect.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/connector.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/console.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/copy.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/csv.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/cube_green.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/cut.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/cylinder.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/data-inspector.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/data.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/debug.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/default.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/default_day.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/delete.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/delete.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/diagram.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/diamond_end.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/diamond_start.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/dl.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/doubleellipse.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/down.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/dude3.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/earth.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/ellipse.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/entity.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/entity.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/error.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/event.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/event_end.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/event_intermediate.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/expand.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/fillcolor.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/fit.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/folder.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/font.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/fontcolor.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/fork.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gear.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/graph-icon2.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/group.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-about.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-add.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-apply.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-bold.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-cancel.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-cdrom.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-clear.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-close.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-convert.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-copy.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-cut.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-delete.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-edit.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-execute.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-file.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-find-and-replace.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-find.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-floppy.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-go-back-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-go-down.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-go-up.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-goto-bottom.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-goto-top.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-harddisk.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-help.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-home.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-indent-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-index.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-info.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-italic.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-jump-to-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-justify-center.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-justify-fill.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-justify-left.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-justify-right.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-network.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-new.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-no.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-ok.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-open.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-paste.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-preferences.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-print-preview.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-print.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-properties.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-quit.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-redo-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-refresh.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-remove.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-save-as.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-save.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-select-all.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-select-color.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-select-font.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-sort-ascending.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-sort-descending.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-spell-check.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-stop.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-strikethrough.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-undelete-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-underline.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-undo-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-unindent-ltr.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-yes.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-zoom-100.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-zoom-fit.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-zoom-in.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/gtk-zoom-out.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/help_icon.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hexagon.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hline.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hoop-graph.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hoop-load.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hoop-save.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hoop-to-kv.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hoop-to-list.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hoop-to-table.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/hoop.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/house.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/house.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/icon-console-16.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/image.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/imagelist.txt][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/inclusive.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/italic.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/led-green.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/led-red.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/led-yellow.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/left.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/linecolor.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/link-views.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/link.jpg][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/link.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/listimages.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/machine-large.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/machine.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/maximize.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/merge.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/message.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/message_end.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/message_intermediate.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/middle.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/mime_xml.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/minimize.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/move.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/move_copy.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/move_day.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/move_day_copy.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/multiple.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/new.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/open.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/open_end.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/open_start.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/outline.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/oval_end.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/oval_start.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/package.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/pagesetup.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/pan.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/paste.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/plain.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/player-pause.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/player-play.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/player-stop.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/port.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/preferences.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/preview.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/print.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/printer.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/project.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/rectangle.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/recycling.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/redo.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/resize.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/resize.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/rhombus.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/right.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/roller.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/rounded.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/rule.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/run-cluster.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/run-forever.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/run-n.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/run-once.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/run-running.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/run-stopped.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/run.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/save.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/saveas.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/select.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/server.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/speed-1.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/speed-2.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/speed-3.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/splash_icon_word_balloon.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/straight.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/straight.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/swimlane.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/system-folder.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/terminate.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/text_icon.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/timer.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/toback.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/tofront.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/top.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/tree-expand-icon.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/tree-fold-icon.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/tree.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/triangle.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/undo.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/ungroup.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/unknown_216_16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/up.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/vertical.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/vertical.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/wait_animated.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/weka.jpg][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/wiki-links.jpg][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/workplace.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/wrench.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/zoom.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/zoom.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/zoomactual.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/zoomin.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/images/zoomout.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/ling/EngPronouns.csv][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/basic-style.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/default-style.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_de.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_es.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_it.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_ja.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_pt.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_ru.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/assets/resources/editor_zh-CN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/GraphvizTokenMgrError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/JavaCharStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/ParseException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/Parser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/ParserConstants.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/ParserTokenManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/Token.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/TokenMgrError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/cli/gvv.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/graphviz.jj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/objects/Edge.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/objects/Graph.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/objects/GraphAttributes.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/objects/Id.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/objects/Node.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/objects/PortNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/unittest/Parser2Test.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/alexmerz/graphviz/unittest/Parser3Test.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/annotations/Beta.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/annotations/GwtCompatible.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/annotations/GwtIncompatible.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/annotations/VisibleForTesting.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/annotations/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Absent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/AbstractIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Ascii.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/CaseFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/CharMatcher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Charsets.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Defaults.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Enums.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Equivalence.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/FinalizablePhantomReference.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/FinalizableReference.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/FinalizableReferenceQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/FinalizableSoftReference.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/FinalizableWeakReference.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Function.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/FunctionalEquivalence.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Functions.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Joiner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Objects.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Optional.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/PairwiseEquivalence.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Platform.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Preconditions.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Predicate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Predicates.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Present.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/SmallCharMatcher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Splitter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/StandardSystemProperty.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Stopwatch.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Strings.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Supplier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Suppliers.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Throwables.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/Ticker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/internal/Finalizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/base/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/AbstractCache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/AbstractLoadingCache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/Cache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/CacheBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/CacheBuilderSpec.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/CacheLoader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/CacheStats.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/ForwardingCache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/ForwardingLoadingCache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/LoadingCache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/LocalCache.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/LongAddable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/LongAddables.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/LongAdder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/RemovalCause.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/RemovalListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/RemovalListeners.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/RemovalNotification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/Striped64.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/Weigher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/cache/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractBiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractIndexedListIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractListMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractMapBasedMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractMapBasedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractMapEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractNavigableMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractRangeSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractSequentialIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractSortedKeySortedSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractSortedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractSortedSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AbstractTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/AllEqualOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ArrayListMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ArrayTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/BiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/BinaryTreeTraverser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/BoundType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ByFunctionOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/CartesianList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ClassToInstanceMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Collections2.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ComparatorOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ComparisonChain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/CompoundOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ComputationException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ComputingConcurrentHashMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ConcurrentHashMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Constraint.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Constraints.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ContiguousSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Count.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Cut.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/DenseImmutableTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/DescendingImmutableSortedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/DescendingImmutableSortedSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/DescendingMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/DiscreteDomain.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/DiscreteDomains.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EmptyContiguousSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EmptyImmutableBiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EmptyImmutableListMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EmptyImmutableSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EmptyImmutableSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EmptyImmutableSortedMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EmptyImmutableSortedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EmptyImmutableSortedSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EnumBiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EnumHashBiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EnumMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/EvictingQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ExplicitOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/FilteredEntryMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/FilteredEntrySetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/FilteredKeyListMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/FilteredKeyMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/FilteredKeySetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/FilteredMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/FilteredSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/FluentIterable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingBlockingDeque.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingCollection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingConcurrentMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingDeque.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingImmutableCollection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingImmutableList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingImmutableMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingImmutableSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingListIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingListMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingMapEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingNavigableMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingNavigableSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingObject.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingSortedMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingSortedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingSortedSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingSortedSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ForwardingTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/GeneralRange.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/GenericMapMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/GwtTransient.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/HashBasedTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/HashBiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/HashMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/HashMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Hashing.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableAsList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableBiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableClassToInstanceMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableCollection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableEnumMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableEnumSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableListMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableMapEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableMapEntrySet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableMapKeySet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableMapValues.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableRangeMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableRangeSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSortedAsList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSortedMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSortedMapFauxverideShim.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSortedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSortedMultisetFauxverideShim.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSortedSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableSortedSetFauxverideShim.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ImmutableTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Interner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Interners.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Iterables.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Iterators.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/LexicographicalOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/LinkedHashMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/LinkedHashMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/LinkedListMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ListMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Lists.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/MapConstraint.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/MapConstraints.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/MapDifference.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/MapMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/MapMakerInternalMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Maps.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/MinMaxPriorityQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Multimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Multimaps.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Multiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Multisets.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/MutableClassToInstanceMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/NaturalOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/NullsFirstOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/NullsLastOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ObjectArrays.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Ordering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/PeekingIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Platform.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Queues.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Range.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RangeMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RangeSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Ranges.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularContiguousSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableAsList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableBiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableSortedMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableSortedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableSortedSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RegularImmutableTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ReverseNaturalOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/ReverseOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/RowSortedTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Serialization.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Sets.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SingletonImmutableBiMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SingletonImmutableList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SingletonImmutableSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SingletonImmutableTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SortedIterable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SortedIterables.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SortedLists.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SortedMapDifference.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SortedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SortedMultisetBridge.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SortedMultisets.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SortedSetMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/SparseImmutableTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/StandardRowSortedTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/StandardTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Synchronized.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Table.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/Tables.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/TransformedIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/TransformedListIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/TreeBasedTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/TreeMultimap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/TreeMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/TreeRangeMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/TreeRangeSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/TreeTraverser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/UnmodifiableIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/UnmodifiableListIterator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/UnmodifiableSortedMultiset.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/UsingToStringOrdering.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/WellBehavedMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/collect/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/AllowConcurrentEvents.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/AnnotatedHandlerFinder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/AsyncEventBus.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/DeadEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/EventBus.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/EventHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/HandlerFindingStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/Subscribe.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/SynchronizedEventHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/eventbus/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/AbstractByteHasher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/AbstractCompositeHashFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/AbstractHasher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/AbstractNonStreamingHashFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/AbstractStreamingHashFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/BloomFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/BloomFilterStrategies.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/ChecksumHashFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/Funnel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/Funnels.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/HashCode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/HashCodes.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/HashFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/Hasher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/Hashing.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/MessageDigestHashFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/Murmur3_128HashFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/Murmur3_32HashFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/PrimitiveSink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/hash/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/AppendableWriter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/BaseEncoding.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/ByteArrayDataInput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/ByteArrayDataOutput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/ByteProcessor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/ByteSink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/ByteSource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/ByteStreams.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/CharSink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/CharSource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/CharStreams.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/Closeables.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/Closer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/CountingInputStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/CountingOutputStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/FileBackedOutputStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/FileWriteMode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/Files.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/Flushables.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/GwtWorkarounds.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/InputSupplier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/LineBuffer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/LineProcessor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/LineReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/LittleEndianDataInputStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/LittleEndianDataOutputStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/MultiInputStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/MultiReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/OutputSupplier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/PatternFilenameFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/Resources.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/io/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/math/BigIntegerMath.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/math/DoubleMath.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/math/DoubleUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/math/IntMath.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/math/LongMath.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/math/MathPreconditions.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/math/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/net/HostAndPort.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/net/HostSpecifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/net/HttpHeaders.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/net/InetAddresses.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/net/InternetDomainName.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/net/MediaType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/net/TldPatterns.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/net/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/AndroidInteger.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Booleans.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Bytes.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Chars.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Doubles.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Floats.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Ints.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Longs.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/ParseRequest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Primitives.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/Shorts.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/SignedBytes.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/UnsignedBytes.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/UnsignedInteger.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/UnsignedInts.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/UnsignedLong.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/UnsignedLongs.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/primitives/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/AbstractInvocationHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/ClassPath.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/Element.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/ImmutableTypeToInstanceMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/Invokable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/MutableTypeToInstanceMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/Parameter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/Reflection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/TypeCapture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/TypeParameter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/TypeResolver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/TypeToInstanceMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/TypeToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/Types.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/reflect/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AbstractCheckedFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AbstractExecutionThreadService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AbstractFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AbstractIdleService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AbstractListeningExecutorService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AbstractScheduledService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AbstractService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AsyncFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AtomicDouble.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AtomicDoubleArray.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/AtomicLongMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/Atomics.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/Callables.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/CheckedFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/CycleDetectingLockFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ExecutionError.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ExecutionList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/FakeTimeLimiter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ForwardingBlockingQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ForwardingCheckedFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ForwardingExecutorService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ForwardingFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ForwardingListenableFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ForwardingListeningExecutorService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ForwardingService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/FutureCallback.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/FutureFallback.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/Futures.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/JdkFutureAdapters.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFutureTask.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableScheduledFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ListeningExecutorService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ListeningScheduledExecutorService.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/Monitor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/MoreExecutors.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/RateLimiter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/Service.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ServiceManager.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/SettableFuture.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/SimpleTimeLimiter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/Striped.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/ThreadFactoryBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/TimeLimiter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/UncaughtExceptionHandlers.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/UncheckedExecutionException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/UncheckedTimeoutException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/Uninterruptibles.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/google/common/util/concurrent/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/ClickHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/CustomCanvas.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/FixedPoints.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/GraphEditor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/HelloWorld.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/HoopCustomCanvas.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/HoopJGraphPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/Port.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/SchemaEditor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/Stencils.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/UserObject.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/Validation.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/bell.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/BasicGraphEditor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/DefaultFileFilter.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/EditorAboutFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/EditorActions.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/EditorKeyboardHandler.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/EditorMenuBar.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/EditorPalette.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/EditorPopupMenu.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/EditorRuler.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/EditorToolBar.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/GraphConfigDialog.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/JTableRenderer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/SchemaEditorMenuBar.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/SchemaEditorToolBar.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/SchemaGraphComponent.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/editor/ShadowBorder.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/actor.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/alignbottom.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/aligncenter.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/alignleft.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/alignmiddle.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/alignright.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/aligntop.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/arrow.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/arrow.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/bell.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/block_end.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/block_start.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/bold.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/bottom.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/box.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/cancel_end.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/cancel_intermediate.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/center.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/classic_end.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/classic_start.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/cloud.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/collapse.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/connect.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/connect.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/connector.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/copy.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/cube_green.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/cut.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/cylinder.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/delete.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/diagram.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/diamond_end.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/diamond_start.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/doubleellipse.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/doublerectangle.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/down.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/dude3.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/earth.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/ellipse.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/entity.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/entity.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/error.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/event.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/event_end.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/event_intermediate.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/expand.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/fillcolor.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/fit.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/font.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/fontcolor.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/fork.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/gear.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/group.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/hexagon.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/hline.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/house.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/house.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/image.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/inclusive.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/italic.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/left.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/linecolor.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/link.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/maximize.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/merge.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/message.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/message_end.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/message_intermediate.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/middle.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/minimize.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/multiple.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/new.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/open.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/open_end.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/open_start.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/outline.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/oval_end.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/oval_start.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/package.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/pagesetup.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/pan.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/paste.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/plain.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/preferences.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/preview.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/print.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/printer.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/rectangle.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/redo.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/resize.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/rhombus.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/right.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/rounded.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/rule.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/save.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/saveas.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/select.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/server.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/straight.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/straight.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/swimlane.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/terminate.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/timer.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/toback.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/tofront.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/top.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/tree.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/triangle.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/undo.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/ungroup.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/up.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/vertical.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/vertical.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/workplace.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/wrench.png][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/zoom.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/zoomactual.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/zoomin.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/images/zoomout.gif][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/basic-style.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/default-style.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_de.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_es.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_fr.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_it.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_ja.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_nl.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_pt.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_ru.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/resources/editor_zh-CN.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/com/mxgraph/examples/swing/shapes.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/HoopApplicationInstanceListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/HoopApplicationManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/HoopClockTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/HoopDocumentParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/HoopLemurDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/HoopMessageHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/INDataSet.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/INDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/INDocumentParser.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/INHoopMessageHandler.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/INLemurDocument.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopAnnotation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopBaseLink.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopDataCollection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopDataType.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopDateTools.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopDf.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopEnvironment.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopFeatureMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopFeatureMakerBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopFilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopFixedSizeQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopHTML2Text.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopLangLink.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopLink.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopPorterStemmerOriginal.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopPositionsBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopProperties.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopRoot.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopSimpleFeatureMaker.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopStringTools.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopWikipediaFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopXMLBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopXMLProperties.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopXMLProperty.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/HoopXMLPropertyAttr.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INDataCollection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INDf.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMakerBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMatrixBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFeatureMatrixLink.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFileManager.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFilterBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INFixedSizeQueue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INHoopEnvironment.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INHoopLink.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INHoopProperties.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INHoopXMLProperties.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INHoopXMLProperty.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INHoopXMLPropertyAttr.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKV.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKVBoolean.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKVFloat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKVInteger.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKVInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKVString.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INKVType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INLangLink.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INLink.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPorterStemmer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INPositionsBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INSimpleFeatureMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INStringTools.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INWikipediaFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/INXMLBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/events/HoopEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/events/HoopEventDispatcher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/events/HoopEventTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/events/HoopListenerInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/events/HoopTestEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/events/HoopTestListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopBerkeleyAltDocumentDB.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopBerkeleyDB.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopBerkeleyDBBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopBerkeleyDBInstance.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopBerkeleyDocumentDB.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopBerkeleyObjectDB.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopBerkeleyThreadDB.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopClassLoader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopDefaultFileFilter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopFileFilter.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopFileManager.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopFileTools.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopHTTPReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopJSON.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopMessageReceiver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopPluginClassProxy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopResourceLoader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopStreamedSocket.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopVFSL.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopVFSLHDFS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopVFSLInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/HoopVFSLJar.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/INCSVReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/INDefaultFileFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/INFileManager.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/io/INSentinetReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKV.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVBoolean.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVClass.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVClassificationTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVDocument.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVFloat.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVInteger.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVList.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVLong.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVString.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVTable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVTools.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopKVType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/HoopUIMAKVDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKV.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVBoolean.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVClassificationTable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVFloat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVInteger.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVString.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/INKVType.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/base/kv/uima/HoopUIMATypeSystemDescriptor.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopBlinkLabel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopBreadCrumbBar.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopButtonBox.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopCircleCounter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopComponentSnapshot.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopControlTools.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopFeatureColorChooser.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopFeaturePerspective.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopFeatureWall.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopGrammarPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopGridNode.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopGridNodeVisualizer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopHTMLPane.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopImageJPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJCheckList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJCheckListItem.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJColorTextPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJColorTools.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJFeatureList.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJFileChooser.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJTableRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJTreeHoopRenderer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopJViewport.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopMultiLineCellRenderer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopPatternEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopPieChart.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopProgressPainter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopSAXTreeBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopSentenceWall.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopShadowBorder.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopSlice.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopStatsPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopTabbedControlPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopThreadView.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopUniqueUnigrams.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualClass.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualDriver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualFeatureBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualFeatureGroup.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualFeatureVisualizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualRuleFeature.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualSentence.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopVisualSentinetFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopXMLTreeView.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/HoopXPathFeatureEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INEclipseTabbedPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeatureColorChooser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeaturePerspective.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INFeatureWall.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INGrammarPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INGridNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INGridNodeVisualizer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INHoopHTMLPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INHoopJTableRenderer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INHoopSAXTreeBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INHoopShadowBorder.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INHoopXMLTreeView.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INHoopXPathFeatureEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJCheckListItem.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJColorTextPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJColorTools.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJFeatureList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJTreeHoopRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INJViewport.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INScatterPlot.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INSentenceWall.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INSentinetPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INStatsPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INTabbedControlPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INTabbedPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INUniqueUnigrams.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualClass.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualDriver.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeature.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureGroup.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualFeatureVisualizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualRuleFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualSentence.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/INVisualSentinetFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopCustomJButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopCustomJComponent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopCustomJPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopCustomRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopEmbeddedJPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopJComponent.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopJDialog.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopJFrame.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopJInternalFrame.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopJPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopJTable.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopJTextField.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopLockableJPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopViewInterface.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/HoopZoomedJPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INEmbeddedJPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INHoopJDialog.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INHoopJTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INJComponent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INJFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INJInternalFrame.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INJPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/base/INZoomedJPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopAboutDialog.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopCleanProjectDialog.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopEnvironmentInspector.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopGenericNameDialog.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopGenericProgressdialog.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopPreferencesDialog.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopWizardBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopWizardPageListRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/dialogs/HoopWizardPanelDescription.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/map/INHoopJava3D.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/map/INHoopJava3DJPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/splitpanel/HoopMultiSplitDivider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/splitpanel/HoopMultiSplitLayout.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/splitpanel/HoopMultiSplitLeaf.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/splitpanel/HoopMultiSplitNode.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/splitpanel/HoopMultiSplitPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/splitpanel/HoopMultiSplitSplitter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/templates/HoopAquaBarTabbedPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/templates/HoopCWTabbedPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/templates/HoopPPTTabbedPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/templates/HoopPSTabbedPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/templates/HoopPlasticTabbedPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/templates/HoopTabUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/transparent.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/wizard/HoopWizardBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/wizard/HoopWizardFinishPage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/wizard/HoopWizardPageListRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/controls/wizard/HoopWizardPanelDescription.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopHadoopReporter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopInvertedListMapper.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopInvertedListReducer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopKeyComparer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopPartitioner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopShardedOutputFormat.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopWholeFileInputFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopWholeFileRecordReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopWordCountMapper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/HoopWordCountReducer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INHadoopReporter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INInvertedListMapper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INInvertedListReducer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INKeyComparer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INPartitioner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INPositionEntry.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INPositionList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INShardedOutputFormat.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWholeFileInputFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWholeFileRecordReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWordCountMapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hadoop/INWordCountReducer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/GraphEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopActionListener.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopCommandProcessor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopConsole.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopConsoleInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopDialogConsole.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopDocumentList.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopDocumentListRenderer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopDocumentViewer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopErrorPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopExecute.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopExecuteExceptionHandler.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopExecuteInEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopExecuteProgressPanel.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopExecuteStandalone.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopExecutionMonitor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopExperimenter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopGraphEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopGraphManager.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopHelp.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopJobList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopMainCommandProcessor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopMainFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopManager.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopMultiViewFrame.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopOpportunitySpace.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopPathOrderEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopPreferencesJFrame.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopProjectPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopReporter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopScriptEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopSearch.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopSearchThread.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopStatistics.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopStatisticsPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopStatusBar.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopStopWordEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopTabButton.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopTabDraggable.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopTabPane.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopTabUI.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopTablePanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopTextViewer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopTreeList.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopUIMACPE.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopUIMACPEStatusProcessor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopVersion.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopVocabularyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopWelcomePane.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/HoopXMLFileViewer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopCluster.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopConsole.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopConsoleInput.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopConsoleInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopConsoleOutput.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopDialogConsole.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopDocumentList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopDocumentListRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopDocumentViewer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopErrorPanel.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopExecute.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopExecuteInEditor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopExecuteStandalone.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopExperimenter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopFrame.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopGraphEditor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopGraphManager.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopHelp.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopJobList.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopMainFrame.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopManager.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopMultiViewFrame.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopOpportunitySpace.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopPreferencesJFrame.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopProjectPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopQueryList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopReporter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopSearch.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopSearchThread.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopStatistics.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopStatusBar.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopStopWordEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopTabDraggable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopTabPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopTabUI.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopTablePanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopTreeList.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopVersion.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/INHoopVocabularyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopAnalyze.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopBaseTyped.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopDisplayBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopFileLoadBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopFileSaveBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopLoadBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopPropertyContainer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopSaveBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopTransformBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/base/INHoopVisual.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/builder/HoopAppBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/BasicGraphEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/DefaultFileFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/EditorAboutFrame.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/EditorActions.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/EditorKeyboardHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/EditorMenuBar.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/EditorPalette.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/EditorPopupMenu.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/EditorRuler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/EditorToolBar.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopBasicGraphEditor.java.bak][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopBasicGraphEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopEditorActions.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopEditorKeyboardHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopEditorMenuBar.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopEditorPalette.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopEditorPalettePanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopEditorPopupMenu.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopEditorToolBar.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopNodePanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopNodePanelRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopNodeRenderer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopPanningHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopProbe.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopVisualGraph.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopVisualGraphCanvas.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopVisualGraphCellEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopVisualGraphComponent.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopVisualGraphConnectionHandler.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/HoopVisualRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopBasicGraphEditor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopEditorActions.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopEditorCanvas.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopEditorKeyboardHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopEditorMenuBar.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopEditorPalette.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopEditorPalettePanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopEditorPopupMenu.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopEditorToolBar.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopNodePanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopNodeRenderer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopVisualGraph.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopVisualGraphCanvas.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopVisualGraphComponent.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopVisualGraphConnectionHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopVisualNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/INHoopVisualRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/JTableRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/SchemaEditorMenuBar.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/SchemaEditorToolBar.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/SchemaGraphComponent.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/editor/ShadowBorder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopExecute.backup][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopExecute.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopExecuteExceptionHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopExecuteInEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopExecuteProgressPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopExecuteStandalone.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopExecutionListRenderer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopExecutionMonitor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopUIMACPE.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopUIMACPEDriver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/execute/HoopUIMACPEStatusProcessor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/HoopHDFSMultiFileInput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/HoopHDFSMultiFileOutput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/HoopHDFSSingleFileInput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/HoopHDFSSingleFileOutput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopArffReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopArffWriter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopBerkeleyDBReader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopCSVReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopCSVWriter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopCleanTokens.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopFile2Sentence.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopFilterGarbage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopFilterStopWords.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopHDFSMultiFileInput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopHDFSMultiFileOutput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopHDFSSingleFileInput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopHDFSSingleFileOutput.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopKV2TXT.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopMySQLReader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopNaiveBayes.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopPorterStemmer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopScheduler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopSentence2Tokens.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopStdin.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopStdout.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopStoud.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopText2Sentence.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopTokenCaseChange.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopUniqueTerms.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/INHoopXML2Features.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopCrossFold.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopCustomExperimentTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopDocumentTag.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopEvaluate.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopGenericAnnotator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopKVStats.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopMatcher.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopNaiveBayes.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopRoomAnnotator.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopRoomAnnotatorHitesh.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopSemanticPatterns.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/analyze/HoopWekaML.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopAnalyze.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopBaseTyped.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopBatch.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopConnection.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopControlBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopCopy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopDisplayBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopFileLoadBase.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopFileSaveBase.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopIOBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopInterface.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopKVTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopLoadBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopPropertyContainer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopSaveBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopThreadBase.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopTransformBase.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/base/HoopVisual.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopArffReader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopBerkeleyDBReader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopCSVReader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopDocumentReader.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopDocumentThreadReader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopFTPReader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopFileLoadBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopIRCReader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopMySQLReader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopRSSReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopStdin.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopThreadReader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopTwitterReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopUIMAConfigurationLoadBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopURLReader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/load/HoopWikipediaAccess.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopArffWriter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopBerkeleyDBWriter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopCSVWriter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopDocumentIndexer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopDocumentUpdater.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopDocumentWriter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopFileSaveBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopIndexDocuments.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopSASLink.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopStdout.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopTextFileSave.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopXMLDocumentWriter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/save/HoopXMLWriter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/AlarmFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/AlarmHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/CalendarRenderer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/ColourFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/Converter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/DateLookPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/DescriptionEditorFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/EditorFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/EventMemory.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/EventRenderer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/EventTableFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/GoToFrame.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/HoopAlarmHandler.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/HoopCalendarEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/HoopCalendarTaskDialog.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/HoopDateLookPanel.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/Settings.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/SyncDialog.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/SyncSettings.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopCalendarControls/Synchronizer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopDummyTimeWaster.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopFSMRunner.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopPathChooser.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopScheduler.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopStart.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopTimer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopUIMACPE.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopUIMACSE.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/task/HoopUIMAPipeline.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopCleanTokens.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopColumnRenamer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopDocumentCreator.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopFilterGarbage.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopFilterStopWords.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopKV2Cas.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopKV2TXT.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopKeySort.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopLabelKV.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopMap2Document.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopPorterStemmer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopReKey.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopSentence2Tokens.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopText2Sentence.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopTokenCaseChange.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopUniqueTerms.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/transform/HoopXML2Features.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/hoops/visualize/HoopParseTree.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/HoopFile.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/HoopGraphFile.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/HoopProject.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/HoopProjectFile.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/HoopStopWords.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/HoopVocabulary.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/HoopWrapperFile.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/INHoopGraphFile.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/INHoopProject.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/INHoopProjectFile.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/INHoopStopWords.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/INHoopVocabulary.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/export/HoopProjectExportInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/project/export/HoopProjectZipExport.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopColorUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopInspectablePanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopNumberFieldFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopPropertyPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopPropertyTable.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopSerializableTableEntry.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopSheetCellColor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopSheetCellEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopSheetCellNumber.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopSheetCellRenderer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopSheetColorEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopSheetPathEditor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopSheetPathRenderer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopStoredProperties.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopVisualProperties.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopXMLHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/HoopXMLViewer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopColorUtil.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopInspectable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopInspectablePanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopNumberFieldFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopPropertyPanel.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopPropertyTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopSerializable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopSerializableTableEntry.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopSheetCellColor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopSheetCellEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopSheetCellNumber.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopSheetCellRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopSheetColorEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopStyleProperty.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopXMLHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/INHoopXMLViewer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/HoopBooleanSerializable.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/HoopEnumSerializable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/HoopIntegerSerializable.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/HoopSerializable.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/HoopStringSerializable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/HoopURISerializable.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/INHoopBooleanSerializable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/INHoopIntegerSerializable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/INHoopSerializable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/INHoopStringSerializable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/properties/types/INHoopURISerializable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/visualizers/HoopBackingDBInspector.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/visualizers/HoopCluster.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/visualizers/HoopParseTreeViewer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/visualizers/HoopScatterPlot.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/visualizers/HoopTimeSeries.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/visualizers/INHoopCluster.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/visualizers/INHoopTimeSeries.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/hoop/visualizers/INScatterPlot.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/HoopEngPronounModel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/HoopLingModel.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/HoopLingTerm.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/HoopLinguisticsTools.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/HoopPattern.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/HoopPatternMatch.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/HoopPatternMatcher.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/HoopPorterStemmerOriginal.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Any.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Both.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Elem.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Follow.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Memory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Numeric.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Regex.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Regular.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Special.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Subexpr.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/Token.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ling/frej/fuzzy/Fuzzy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMathPanel.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMatrix.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMatrix1X2.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMatrix1X3.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMatrix2X2.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMatrix3X3.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMatrix4X4.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMatrixBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/HoopMatrixOperations.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/math/OutputTextPane.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/basic/HoopMLLinear.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/basic/HoopMLLinearCoeff.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianInferences/Bucket.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianInferences/BucketTree.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianInferences/DSeparation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianInferences/Expectation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianInferences/Explanation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianInferences/Inference.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianInferences/Ordering.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianNetworks/BayesNet.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianNetworks/ConvertInterchangeFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianNetworks/DiscreteFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianNetworks/DiscreteVariable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianNetworks/ProbabilityFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianNetworks/ProbabilityVariable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/BayesianNetworks/SaveBugs.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/Bracketing.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/ConstantDensityBoundedSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/ConstantDensityRatioSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/EpsilonContaminatedSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/FinitelyGeneratedSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/GeneralizedChoquetIntegral.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/MappingDouble.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/QBProbabilityFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/TotalVariationSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/TwoMonotoneCapacity.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/CredalSets/VertexSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/InferenceGraphs/InferenceGraph.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/InferenceGraphs/InferenceGraphNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/InterchangeFormat/IFBayesNet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/InterchangeFormat/IFException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/InterchangeFormat/IFProbabilityEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/InterchangeFormat/IFProbabilityFunction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/InterchangeFormat/IFProbabilityVariable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/InterchangeFormat/InterchangeFormat.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayes.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/ClearDialog.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/EditCredalSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/EditFunctionDialog.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/EditFunctionPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/EditNetworkDialog.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/EditProbability.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/EditVariableDialog.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/EditorFrame.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/FunctionTablePanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/JavaBayesConsoleFrame.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/JavaBayesHelpMessages.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/NetworkPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/ObserveDialog.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/OpenURLDialog.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/PropertyManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/QuitDialog.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/JavaBayesInterface/ScrollingPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/ASCII_CharStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/BIFv01.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/BIFv01.jj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/BIFv01Constants.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/BIFv01TokenManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/M.BAT][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/ParseException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/Token.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv01/TokenMgrError.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/ASCII_CharStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/BIFv015.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/BIFv015.jj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/BIFv015Constants.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/BIFv015TokenManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/N.BAT][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/ParseException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/Token.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/BIFv015/TokenMgrError.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/ASCII_CharStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/N.BAT][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/ParseException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/Token.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/TokenMgrError.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/XMLBIFv02.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/XMLBIFv02.jj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/XMLBIFv02Constants.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv02/XMLBIFv02TokenManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/ASCII_CharStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/ASCII_UCodeESC_CharStream.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/N.BAT][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/ParseException.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/Token.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/TokenMgrError.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/XMLBIFv03.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/XMLBIFv03.jj][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/XMLBIFv03Constants.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/Parsers/XMLBIFv03/XMLBIFv03TokenManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/QuasiBayesianInferences/QBExpectation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/QuasiBayesianInferences/QBInference.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/QuasiBayesianNetworks/QBConvertInterchangeFormat.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/bayesiannet/QuasiBayesianNetworks/QuasiBayesNet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/HoopQuickBayesAttribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/HoopQuickBayesCSVReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/HoopQuickBayesClassify.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/HoopQuickBayesData.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/HoopQuickBayesDriver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/HoopQuickBayesFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/HoopQuickBayesInstance.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INCSVReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesArffReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesAttribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesCSVReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesCSVWriter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesClassify.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesDriver.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesFileBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INQuickBayesInstance.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/ml/quickbayes/INSentinetReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopBroker.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopIRCDialog.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopMessageHandlerInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopMessageReceiver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopMonitorConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopMonitorManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopNetworkTools.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopServerThread.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopSocketServerBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/HoopStreamedSocket.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INHoopMonitorConnection.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INHoopMonitorManager.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INMessageHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INMessageReceiver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INNetworkTools.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INServerThread.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INSocketServerBase.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/network/INStreamedSocket.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INCSVReader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesArffReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesAttribute.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesCSVReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesCSVWriter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesClassify.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesData.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesDriver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesFileBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INQuickBayesInstance.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/quickbayes/INSentinetReader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopDataSet.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopDocument.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopLuceneIndex.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopLuceneSearch.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopPositionEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopPositionList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopQueryOperator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopTextSearch.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/HoopTrecEval.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INDataSet.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INPositionEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INPositionList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INQueryOperator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INTextSearch.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/search/INTrecEval.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopEmission.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopHeapsLaw.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopPerformanceMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopPerformanceMetrics.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopSampleDataSet.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopSampleMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopStatistics.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopStatisticsMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopStatsBase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopXYMeasure.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/HoopZipfsLaw.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INHeapsLaw.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INPerformanceMetrics.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INStatistics.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INStatisticsMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INStatsBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INTrecEval.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INXYMeasure.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/cs/in/stats/INZipfsLaw.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/BaseExperimentBuilder.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/ExperimentBuilder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/ExperimentPersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/ResourceHandle.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/base/NoOpAnnotator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/config/ConfigurableProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/config/ConfigurationLoader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/config/Stage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/config/StagedConfiguration.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/config/StagedConfigurationImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/driver/ECDDriver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/driver/SimplePipelineRev803.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/flow/FixedFlowController797182.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/flow/FunneledFlow.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/flow/strategy/FunnelingStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/funnel/SetBasedFunnel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/impl/AbstractExperimentPersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/impl/AbstractFunnelingStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/impl/AbstractLogPersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/impl/AbstractPhasePersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/impl/DefaultExperimentPersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/impl/DefaultFunnelingStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/impl/DefaultLogPersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/impl/DefaultPhasePersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/log/AbstractLoggedComponent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/log/LogEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/log/LogPersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/phase/BasePhase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/phase/CasDeserializer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/phase/ExecutionStatus.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/phase/PhasePersistenceProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/phase/ProcessingStepUtils.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/phase/Trace.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/phase/WrappedJCas.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/ecd/util/CasUtils.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/framework/types/ExperimentUUID.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/framework/types/ExperimentUUID_Type.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/framework/types/InputElement.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/framework/types/InputElement_Type.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/framework/types/OutputElement.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/framework/types/OutputElement_Type.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/framework/types/ProcessingStep.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/lti/oaqa/framework/types/ProcessingStep_Type.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/.DS_Store][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/ExportShell.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/PredictionShell.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/Shell.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/SimpleWorkbench.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/dataitem/DocumentListInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/dataitem/FreqMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/dataitem/TrainingResultInterface.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/export/ARFFExporter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/export/CSVExporter.java.orig][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/export/CSVExporter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/feature/cluster/BackedMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/feature/cluster/Cluster.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/feature/cluster/ClusterShell.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/plugin/PluginLoader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/plugin/PluginManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/plugin/PluginWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/plugin/SIDEPlugin.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/FeaturePlugin.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/FilterPlugin.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/LearningPlugin.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/ModelEvaluationPlugin.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/SimpleDocumentList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/SimplePredictionResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/SimpleTrainingResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/Feature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/FeatureHit.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/FeatureTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/LocalFeatureHit.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/MultiDocumentFeatureHit.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/MultiDocumentLocalFeatureHit.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/SingleLocalFeatureHit.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/lab/BooleanFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/lab/InequalityCriterionPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/lab/InequalityFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/lab/LabFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/lab/SequenceFeature.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/feature/lab/SequencingCriterionPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/AbstractListPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/EvalTableModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/FastListModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/FeatureActivationCell.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/FeatureTableModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/MultilineTableCell.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/SIDETable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/SimpleWorkbenchPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/analysis/FeatureAnalysisPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureEvaluationPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureExtractionPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureFileManagerPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureLabPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureLeftPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeaturePluginConfigPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeaturePluginPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureRightPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureTableListPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureTablePanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/features/FeatureZoomPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/ConfusionMatrixPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/DocumentDisplayPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/LearningConfigPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/LearningLeftPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/LearningOutputPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/LearningPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/LearningPluginPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/LearningRightPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/MiniErrorAnalysisPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/machinelearning/ModelListPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/prediction/PredictionConfigPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/prediction/PredictionFileSelectPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/prediction/PredictionLeftPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/prediction/PredictionPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/simple/newui/prediction/PredictionRightPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/edu/cmu/side/util/CSVExporter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/mx/bigdata/anyobject/AnyObject.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/mx/bigdata/anyobject/AnyTuple.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/mx/bigdata/anyobject/Loader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/mx/bigdata/anyobject/MapBasedAnyObject.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/mx/bigdata/anyobject/impl/JacksonJSONLoader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/mx/bigdata/anyobject/impl/SnakeYAMLLoader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/CustomWizardComponent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/FlatWizardSettings.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/PageFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/StackWizardSettings.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/WizardAdapter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/WizardContainer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/WizardController.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/WizardListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/WizardPage.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/WizardSettings.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/WizardTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/WizardTest2.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/pagetemplates/DefaultPageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/pagetemplates/PageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/cjwizard/pagetemplates/TitledPageTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/ciscavate/utilities/ExceptionUtilities.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/io/DocumentReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/io/UnicodeReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/io/UnicodeWriter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/io/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/print/RPrintUtilities.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/print/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/AbstractJFlexCTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/AbstractJFlexTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/AbstractTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/AbstractTokenMakerFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ActiveLineRangeEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ActiveLineRangeListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ChangeableColorHighlightPainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/CodeTemplateManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/DefaultOccurrenceMarker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/DefaultTokenFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/DefaultTokenMakerFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/DefaultTokenPainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/DocumentRange.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_ar.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_de.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_es.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_hu.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_in.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_it.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_ja.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_ko.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_ru.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_tr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_zh_CN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ErrorStrip_zh_TW.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/FileFileLocation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/FileLocation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/FoldingAwareIconRowHeader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/LinkGenerator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/LinkGeneratorResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/MarkOccurrencesHighlightPainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/MarkOccurrencesSupport.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/OccurrenceMarker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/ParserManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/PopupWindowDecorator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSTAView.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextAreaDefaultInputMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextAreaEditorKit.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextAreaHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextAreaUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_ar.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_de.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_es.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_hu.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_in.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_it.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_ja.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_ko.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_ru.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_tr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_zh_CN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxTextArea_zh_TW.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RSyntaxUtilities.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RTfToText.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RtfGenerator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/RtfTransferable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/SelectRegionLinkGeneratorResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/SquiggleUnderlineHighlightPainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/Style.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/SyntaxConstants.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/SyntaxScheme.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/SyntaxView.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TextEditorPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/Theme.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/Token.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenMakerBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenMakerFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenOrientedView.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenPainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenTypes.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/TokenUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/URLFileLocation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/VisibleWhitespaceTokenPainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/WrappedSyntaxView.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/WrappedSyntaxView2.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/XmlOccurrenceMarker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_ar.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_de.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_es.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_hu.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_in.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_it.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_ja.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_ko.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_ru.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_tr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_zh_CN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/FocusableTip_zh_TW.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/SizeGrip.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/TipUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/TipWindow.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/osx_sizegrip.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/focusabletip/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/CurlyFoldParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/Fold.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/FoldCollapser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/FoldManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/FoldParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/FoldParserManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/FoldType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/HtmlFoldParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/JsonFoldParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/LatexFoldParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/LispFoldParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/NsisFoldParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/XmlFoldParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/folding/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/AbstractMarkupTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/ActionScriptTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/ActionScriptTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/AssemblerX86TokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/AssemblerX86TokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/BBCodeTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/BBCodeTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/CPlusPlusTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/CPlusPlusTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/CSSTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/CSSTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/CSharpTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/CSharpTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/CTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/CTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/ClojureTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/ClojureTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/DelphiTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/DelphiTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/DtdTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/DtdTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/FortranTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/FortranTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/GroovyTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/GroovyTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/HTMLTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/HTMLTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/HtaccessTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/HtaccessTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/JSPTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/JSPTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/JavaScriptTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/JavaScriptTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/JavaTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/JavaTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/JsonTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/JsonTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/LatexTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/LatexTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/LispTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/LispTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/LuaTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/LuaTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/MakefileTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/MakefileTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/MxmlTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/MxmlTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/NSISTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/NSISTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PHPTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PHPTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PerlTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PerlTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PlainTextTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PlainTextTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PropertiesFileTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PropertiesFileTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PythonTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/PythonTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/RubyTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/RubyTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/SASTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/SASTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/SQLTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/SQLTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/ScalaTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/ScalaTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/TclTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/TclTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/UnixShellTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/VisualBasicTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/VisualBasicTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/WindowsBatchTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/XMLTokenMaker.flex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/XMLTokenMaker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/modes/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/AbstractParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/DefaultParseResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/DefaultParserNotice.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/ExtendedHyperlinkListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/ParseResult.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/Parser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/ParserNotice.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/TaskTagParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/ToolTipInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/XmlParser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/parser/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/templates/AbstractCodeTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/templates/CodeTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/templates/StaticCodeTemplate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rsyntaxtextarea/templates/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/AbstractGutterComponent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/BackgroundPainterStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/BufferedImageBackgroundPainterStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/ChangeableHighlightPainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/ColorBackgroundPainterStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/ConfigurableCaret.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/FoldIndicator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/Gutter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/GutterIconInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/IconGroup.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/IconRowHeader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/ImageBackgroundPainterStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/LineHighlightManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/LineNumberList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/Macro.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RDocumentCharSequence.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTADefaultInputMap.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTATextTransferHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextAreaBase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextAreaEditorKit.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextAreaUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_ar.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_de.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_es.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_hu.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_in.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_it.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_ja.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_ko.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_ru.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_tr.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_zh_CN.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextArea_zh_TW.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RTextScrollPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RUndoManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RecordableTextAction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/RegExReplaceInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/SearchContext.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/SearchEngine.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/ToolTipSupplier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/VolatileImageBackgroundPainterStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/ui/rtextarea/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/util/DynamicIntArray.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/fife/util/package.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/beans/AbstractBean.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/beans/AbstractSerializableBean.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/beans/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/JXLayer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/ButtonPanelDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/DebugRepaintingDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/FlashButtonDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/LockableDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/MouseDrawingDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/MouseScrollableDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/SimpleDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/SpotLightDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/TextValidationDemo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/util/ImageOpFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/util/LafMenu.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/demo/util/LookupTableWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/AbstractBufferedLayerUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/AbstractLayerUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/BufferedLayerUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/LayerUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/effect/AbstractBufferedImageOpEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/effect/AbstractLayerEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/effect/BufferedImageOpEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/effect/LayerEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/ext/ButtonPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/ext/DebugRepaintingUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/ext/LockableUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/ext/MouseScrollableUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/ext/SpotLightUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/ext/images/criss-cross.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/ext/images/horizontal.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/jxlayer/plaf/ext/images/vertical.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/AbstractPatternPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/BeanInfoSupport.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/EnumerationValue.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/ForwardingRepaintManager.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/HorizontalLayout.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/HorizontalLayoutBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXBusyLabel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXBusyLabelBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXButton.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXButtonBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXCollapsiblePane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXCollapsiblePaneBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXColorSelectionButton.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXDatePicker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXDatePickerBeanInfo.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXDialog.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXDialogBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXEditorPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXEditorPaneBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXErrorPane.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXErrorPaneBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXFindBar.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXFindBarBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXFindPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXFindPanelBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXFormattedTextField.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXFormattedTextFieldBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXFrame.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXFrameBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXGlassBox.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXGradientChooser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXGraph.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXGraphBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXHeader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXHeaderBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXHyperlink.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXHyperlinkBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXImagePanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXImagePanelBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXImageView.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXImageViewBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXLabel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXLabelBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXListBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXLoginPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXMonthView.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXMonthViewBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXMultiSplitPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXMultiSplitPaneBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXMultiThumbSlider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXPanelBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXPromptBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXRadioGroup.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXRadioGroupBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXRootPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXSearchField.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXSearchFieldBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXSearchPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXSearchPanelBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXStatusBar.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTableBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTableHeader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTaskPane.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTaskPaneBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTaskPaneContainer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTaskPaneContainerBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTextArea.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTextAreaBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTextField.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTextFieldBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTipOfTheDay.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTitledPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTitledPanelBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTitledSeparator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTitledSeparatorBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTree.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTreeBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTreeTable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/JXTreeTableBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/MultiSplitDivider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/MultiSplitLayout.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/MultiSplitLeaf.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/MultiSplitNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/MultiSplitPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/MultiSplitSplitter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/RepaintManagerX.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/ScrollableSizeHint.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/StackLayout.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/SwingXUtilities.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/TranslucentRepaintManager.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/UIAction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/URLPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/VerticalLayout.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/VerticalLayoutBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/AbstractActionExt.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/ActionContainerFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/ActionFactory.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/ActionManager.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/BoundAction.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/CompositeAction.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/OpenBrowserAction.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/ServerAction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/TargetManager.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/Targetable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/TargetableAction.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/TargetableSupport.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/ToggleActionPropertyChangeListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/action/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/DefaultUserNameStore.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/JAASLoginService.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/JDBCLoginService.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/KeyChain.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/LoginAdapter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/LoginEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/LoginListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/LoginService.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/PasswordStore.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/SimpleLoginService.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/UserNameStore.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/UserPermissions.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/auth/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/AbstractAutoCompleteAdaptor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/AutoComplete.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/AutoCompleteComboBoxEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/AutoCompleteDecorator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/AutoCompleteDocument.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/AutoCompletePropertyChangeListener.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/AutoCompleteStyledDocument.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/ComboBoxAdaptor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/ComboBoxCellEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/DelegatingDocumentEvent.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/ListAdaptor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/ObjectToStringConverter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/TextComponentAdaptor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/doc-files/example.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/workarounds/MacOSXPopupLocationFix.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/autocomplete/workarounds/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/border/DropShadowBorder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/border/DropShadowBorderBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/border/IconBorder.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/border/IconBorderBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/border/MatteBorderExt.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/border/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/AbstractDateSelectionModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/CalendarUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/DatePickerFormatter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/DateSelectionModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/DateSpan.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/DateUtils.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/DaySelectionModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/DefaultDateSelectionModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/SingleDaySelectionModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/calendar/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/ColorUtil.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/EyeDropperColorChooserPanel.form][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/EyeDropperColorChooserPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/GradientPreviewPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/GradientThumbRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/GradientTrackRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/colorwell.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/mag.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/color/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/combobox/EnumComboBoxModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/combobox/ListComboBoxModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/combobox/MapComboBoxModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/combobox/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/AbstractHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/AlignmentHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/BorderHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/ColorHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/ComponentAdapter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/CompoundHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/EnabledHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/FontHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/HighlightPredicate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/Highlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/HighlighterFactory.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/IconHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/PainterHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/PatternMatcher.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/PatternPredicate.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/ResetDTCRColorHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/SearchPredicate.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/ShadingColorHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/ToolTipHighlighter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/UIDependent.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/decorator/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/DimensionPropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/EnumPropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/EnumerationValuePropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/ImageEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/ImagePicker.form][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/ImagePicker.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/ImageURLEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/InsetsPropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/Paint2PropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/PaintPicker.form][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/PaintPicker.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/PaintPropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/Painter2PropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/PainterPropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/PainterUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/Point2DPropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/PointPropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/PropertyEditorUtil.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/Rectangle2DPropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/RectanglePropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/ShapeChooser.form][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/ShapeChooser.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/ShapePropertyEditor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/deleteHighlighter.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/newHighlighter.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/editors/newHighlighter24.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/error/ErrorEvent.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/error/ErrorInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/error/ErrorLevel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/error/ErrorListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/error/ErrorReporter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/error/ErrorSupport.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/error/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/event/CompoundFocusListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/event/DateSelectionEvent.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/event/DateSelectionListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/event/EventListenerMap.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/event/TableColumnModelExtListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/event/TreeExpansionBroadcaster.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/event/WeakEventListenerList.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/event/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/geom/Morphing2D.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/geom/Star2D.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/geom/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/graphics/BlendComposite.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/graphics/ColorUtilities.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/graphics/GraphicsUtilities.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/graphics/ReflectionRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/graphics/ShadowRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/graphics/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/hyperlink/AbstractHyperlinkAction.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/hyperlink/EditorPaneLinkVisitor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/hyperlink/HyperlinkAction.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/hyperlink/LinkModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/hyperlink/LinkModelAction.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/icon/ColumnControlIcon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/icon/EmptyIcon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/icon/PainterIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/icon/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/image/AbstractFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/image/ColorTintFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/image/FastBlurFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/image/GaussianBlurFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/image/StackBlurFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/image/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/AbstractMultiThumbModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/DefaultMultiThumbModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/MultiThumbModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/Thumb.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/ThumbDataEvent.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/ThumbDataListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/ThumbListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/ThumbRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/TrackRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multislider/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multisplitpane/DefaultSplitPaneModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/multisplitpane/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/AbstractAreaPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/AbstractAreaPainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/AbstractLayoutPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/AbstractLayoutPainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/AbstractPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/AbstractPainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/AlphaPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/AlphaPainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/BusyPainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/CapsulePainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/CheckerboardPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/CheckerboardPainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/CompoundPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/CompoundPainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/GlossPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/GlossPainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/ImagePainter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/ImagePainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/MattePainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/MattePainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/Painter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/PainterGlasspane.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/Painters.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/PinstripePainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/PinstripePainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/RectanglePainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/RectanglePainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/ShapePainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/ShapePainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/TextPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/TextPainterBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/AbstractAreaEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/AbstractPathEffectBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/AreaEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/GlowPathEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/InnerGlowPathEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/InnerShadowPathEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/NeonBorderEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/NeonBorderEffectBeanInfo.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/ShadowPathEffect.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/effects/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/painter/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/AbstractComponentAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/AbstractUIChangeHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/BuddyLayoutAndBorder.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/BuddyTextFieldUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/BusyLabelAddon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/BusyLabelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/ColumnControlButtonAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/ComponentAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/DatePickerAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/DatePickerUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/DefaultsList.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/ErrorPaneAddon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/ErrorPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/HeaderAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/HeaderUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/HyperlinkAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/LoginPaneAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/LoginPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/LookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/LookAndFeelUtils.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/MonthViewAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/MonthViewUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/MultiThumbSliderAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/MultiThumbSliderUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/PainterUIResource.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/PromptTextAreaUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/PromptTextFieldUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/PromptTextUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/SearchFieldAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/SearchFieldUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/ShapeUIResource.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/StatusBarAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/StatusBarUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TableAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TableHeaderAddon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TaskPaneAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TaskPaneContainerAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TaskPaneContainerUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TaskPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TextUIWrapper.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TipOfTheDayAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TipOfTheDayUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TitledPanelAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/TitledPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/UIColorHighlighterAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/UIDependent.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/UIManagerExt.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/XListAddon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicBusyLabelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicCalendarHeader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicCalendarHeaderHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicCalendarRenderingHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicDatePickerUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicErrorPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicHeaderUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicHyperlinkUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicLoginPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicLookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicMonthViewUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicMultiThumbSliderUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicStatusBarUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicTaskPaneContainerUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicTaskPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicTipOfTheDayUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/BasicTitledPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/CalendarAdapter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/CalendarCellContext.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/CalendarHeaderHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/CalendarRenderingHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/CalendarState.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/SpinningCalendarHeaderHandler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/TextCrossingPainter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/core/BasicTransferable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/core/BasicXListUI.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/core/DragRecognitionSupport.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/core/LazyActionMap.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/core/ListSortUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_cs.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_da.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_de.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_en_GB.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_en_US.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_es.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_it.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_pl_PL.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/DatePicker_sv.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_cs.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_da.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_de.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_es.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_it.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/ErrorPane_sv.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_cs.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_de.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_es.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_it.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/LoginPane_sv.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/SearchField.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/SearchField_de.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay24.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_cs.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_de.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_es.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_it.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/TipOfTheDay_sv.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/clear.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/clear_pressed.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/clear_rollover.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/error16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/month-down.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/month-up.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/search.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/search_popup.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_cs.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_da.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_de.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_es.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_it.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/basic/resources/swingx_sv.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/linux/LinuxLookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/linux/SafeBorder.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/linux/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/linux/resources/combo-gtk.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/MacOSXErrorPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/MacOSXLookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/MacOSXStatusBarUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_cs.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_da.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_de.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_es.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_it.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/ErrorPane_sv.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/clear.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/clear_pressed.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/clear_rollover.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/combo-osx.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/search.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/macosx/resources/search_popup.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/metal/MetalLookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/metal/MetalStatusBarUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/metal/MetalTaskPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/metal/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/misc/GlossyTaskPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/misc/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/motif/MotifLookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/motif/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/nimbus/NimbusLookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/nimbus/NimbusTaskPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/nimbus/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/synth/SynthBorder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/synth/SynthUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/synth/SynthUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/synth/SynthXListUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/synth/XRegion.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/WindowsClassicLookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/WindowsClassicStatusBarUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/WindowsClassicTaskPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/WindowsHyperlinkUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/WindowsLookAndFeelAddons.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/WindowsStatusBarUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/WindowsTaskPaneUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/WindowsTipOfTheDayUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_cs.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_de.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_es.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_fr.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_it.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_nl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_pl.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_pt_BR.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/TipOfTheDay_sv.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/clear.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/clear_pressed.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/clear_rollover.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/combo-w2k.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/combo-xp.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/search.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/search_popup.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/search_popup_pressed.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/search_popup_rollover.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/search_pressed.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/search_rollover.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/silver-statusbar-left.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/silver-statusbar-middle.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/silver-statusbar-right.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/statusbar-left.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/statusbar-middle.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/statusbar-right.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/plaf/windows/resources/tipoftheday.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/prompt/BuddyButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/prompt/BuddySupport.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/prompt/PromptSupport.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/AbstractRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/BooleanValue.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/CellContext.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/CheckBoxProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/ComponentProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/DefaultListRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/DefaultTableRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/DefaultTreeRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/DefaultVisuals.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/FormatStringValue.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/HyperlinkProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/IconValue.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/IconValues.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/JRendererCheckBox.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/JRendererLabel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/JXRendererHyperlink.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/LabelProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/ListCellContext.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/MappedValue.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/MappedValues.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/PainterAware.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/StringValue.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/StringValues.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/TableCellContext.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/TreeCellContext.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/WrappingIconPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/WrappingProvider.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/renderer/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/DropShadowBorder16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/DropShadowBorder32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXBusyLabel16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXBusyLabel32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXButton16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXButton32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXCollapsiblePane16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXCollapsiblePane16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXCollapsiblePane32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXCollapsiblePane32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXDatePicker16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXDatePicker16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXDatePicker32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXDatePicker32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXErrorPane16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXErrorPane16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXErrorPane32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXErrorPane32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXFrame16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXFrame16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXFrame32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXFrame32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXGraph16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXGraph16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXGraph32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXGraph32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXHyperlink16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXHyperlink16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXHyperlink32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXHyperlink32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXImagePanel16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXImagePanel16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXImagePanel32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXImagePanel32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXLabel16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXLabel32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXPanel16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXPanel16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXPanel32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXPanel32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTaskPane16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTaskPane16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTaskPane32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTaskPane32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTaskPaneContainer16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTaskPaneContainer16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTaskPaneContainer32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTaskPaneContainer32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTitledPanel16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTitledPanel16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTitledPanel32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTitledPanel32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTitledSeparator16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTitledSeparator32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTreeTable16-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTreeTable16.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTreeTable32-mono.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/JXTreeTable32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/resources/placeholder32.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/ListRolloverController.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/ListRolloverProducer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/RolloverController.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/RolloverProducer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/RolloverRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/TableRolloverController.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/TableRolloverProducer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/TreeRolloverController.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/rollover/TreeRolloverProducer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/AbstractSearchable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/ListSearchable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/NativeSearchFieldSupport.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/PatternMatcher.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/PatternModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/RecentSearches.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/SearchFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/Searchable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/TableSearchable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/search/TreeSearchable.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/sort/DefaultSortController.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/sort/ListSortController.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/sort/RowFilters.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/sort/SortController.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/sort/SortUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/sort/StringValueProvider.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/sort/StringValueRegistry.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/sort/TableSortController.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/ColumnControlButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/ColumnControlPopup.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/ColumnFactory.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/DatePickerCellEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/DefaultTableColumnModelExt.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/LabelProperties.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/NumberEditorExt.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/NumberEditorNumberFormat.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/NumberFormatExt.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/StrictNumberFormatter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/TableColumnExt.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/TableColumnModelExt.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/table/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tips/DefaultTip.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tips/DefaultTipOfTheDayModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tips/TipLoader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tips/TipOfTheDayModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tips/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tree/DefaultXTreeCellEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tree/DefaultXTreeCellRenderer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tree/TreeModelSupport.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/tree/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/AbstractMutableTreeTableNode.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/AbstractTreeTableModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/DefaultMutableTreeTableNode.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/DefaultTreeTableModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/FileSystemModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/MutableTreeTableNode.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/SimpleFileSystemModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/TreeTableCellEditor.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/TreeTableModel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/TreeTableNode.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/treetable/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/util/Contract.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/util/JVM.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/util/OS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/util/PaintUtils.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/util/ShapeUtils.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/util/Utilities.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/util/WindowUtils.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/jdesktop/swingx/util/package-info.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/BreadcrumbBarCallBack.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/BreadcrumbBarException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/BreadcrumbBarExceptionHandler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/BreadcrumbBarModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/BreadcrumbItem.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/BreadcrumbPathEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/BreadcrumbPathListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/JBreadcrumbBar.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/core/BreadcrumbFileSelector.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/core/BreadcrumbMultiSvnSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/core/BreadcrumbSvnSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/bcb/core/BreadcrumbTreeAdapterSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/AbstractCommandButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/AbstractFileViewPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/AsynchronousLoadListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/AsynchronousLoading.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/CommandButtonDisplayState.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/CommandButtonLayoutManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/CommandToggleButtonGroup.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/HorizontalAlignment.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/JCommandButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/JCommandButtonPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/JCommandButtonStrip.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/JCommandMenuButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/JCommandToggleButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/JCommandToggleMenuButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/JScrollablePanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/KeyValuePair.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/PopupActionListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/ProgressEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/ProgressListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/RichToolTipManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/RichTooltip.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/RolloverActionListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/StringValuePair.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/DecoratedResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/EmptyResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/FilteredResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/IcoWrapperIcon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/IcoWrapperResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/IconDeckResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/ImageWrapperIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/ImageWrapperResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/LayeredIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/icon/ResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/model/ActionButtonModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/model/ActionRepeatableButtonModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/model/ActionToggleButtonModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/model/PopupButtonModel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/popup/JColorSelectorPopupMenu.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/popup/JCommandPopupMenu.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/popup/JPopupPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/popup/PopupPanelCallback.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/common/popup/PopupPanelManager.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/AbstractRibbonBand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/JFlowRibbonBand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/JRibbon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/JRibbonBand.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/JRibbonComponent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/JRibbonFrame.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/RibbonApplicationMenu.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/RibbonApplicationMenuEntry.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/RibbonApplicationMenuEntryFooter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/RibbonApplicationMenuEntryPrimary.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/RibbonApplicationMenuEntrySecondary.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/RibbonContextualTaskGroup.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/RibbonElementPriority.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/RibbonTask.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/resize/BaseRibbonBandResizePolicy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/resize/BaseRibbonBandResizeSequencingPolicy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/resize/CoreRibbonResizePolicies.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/resize/CoreRibbonResizeSequencingPolicies.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/resize/IconRibbonBandResizePolicy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/resize/RibbonBandResizePolicy.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/ribbon/resize/RibbonBandResizeSequencingPolicy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/svg/SvgBaseTranscoder.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/svg/SvgBatikIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/svg/SvgBatikResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/svg/SvgStreamTranscoder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/svg/SvgTranscoder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/svg/SvgTranscoderTemplatePlain.templ][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/svg/SvgTranscoderTemplateResizable.templ][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/api/svg/TranscoderListener.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/bcb/BasicBreadcrumbBarUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/bcb/BreadcrumbBarUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/bcb/BreadcrumbItemChoices.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicCommandButtonListener.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicCommandButtonPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicCommandButtonStripUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicCommandButtonUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicCommandMenuButtonUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicCommandToggleButtonUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicCommandToggleMenuButtonUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicRichTooltipPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/BasicScrollablePanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/CommandButtonLayoutManagerBig.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/CommandButtonLayoutManagerCustom.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/CommandButtonLayoutManagerMedium.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/CommandButtonLayoutManagerSmall.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/CommandButtonLayoutManagerTile.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/CommandButtonPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/CommandButtonStripUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/CommandButtonUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/JRichTooltipPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/ResizableIconUIResource.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/RichTooltipPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/ScrollablePanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/BasicColorSelectorComponentUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/BasicColorSelectorPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/BasicCommandPopupMenuUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/BasicPopupPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/ColorSelectorComponentUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/ColorSelectorPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/JColorSelectorComponent.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/JColorSelectorPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/common/popup/PopupPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/AbstractBandControlPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/AbstractBandControlPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/BandControlPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/BasicBandControlPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/BasicFlowBandControlPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/BasicRibbonBandUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/BasicRibbonComponentUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/BasicRibbonGalleryUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/BasicRibbonTaskToggleButtonUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/BasicRibbonUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/CommandButtonLayoutManagerBigFixed.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/CommandButtonLayoutManagerBigFixedLandscape.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/JBandControlPanel.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/JFlowBandControlPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/JRibbonGallery.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/JRibbonRootPane.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/JRibbonTaskToggleButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/RibbonBandUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/RibbonComponentUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/RibbonGalleryUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/RibbonUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/appmenu/BasicRibbonApplicationMenuButtonUI.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/appmenu/BasicRibbonApplicationMenuPopupPanelUI.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/appmenu/CommandButtonLayoutManagerMenuTileLevel1.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/appmenu/CommandButtonLayoutManagerMenuTileLevel2.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/appmenu/JRibbonApplicationMenuButton.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/appmenu/JRibbonApplicationMenuPopupPanel.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/ui/ribbon/appmenu/JRibbonApplicationMenuPopupPanelSecondary.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/AbstractFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/ArrowResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/ButtonSizingUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/ColorShiftFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/DoubleArrowResizableIcon.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/FlamingoUtilities.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/KeyTipManager.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/KeyTipRenderingUtilities.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/pushingpixels/flamingo/internal/utils/RenderingUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/Dumper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/DumperOptions.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/JavaBeanDumper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/JavaBeanLoader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/Loader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/LoaderOptions.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/TypeDescription.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/Yaml.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/composer/Composer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/composer/ComposerException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/constructor/AbstractConstruct.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/constructor/BaseConstructor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/constructor/Construct.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/constructor/Constructor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/constructor/ConstructorException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/constructor/CustomClassLoaderConstructor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/constructor/SafeConstructor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/emitter/Emitable.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/emitter/Emitter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/emitter/EmitterException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/emitter/EmitterState.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/emitter/ScalarAnalysis.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/error/Mark.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/error/MarkedYAMLException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/error/YAMLException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/AliasEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/CollectionEndEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/CollectionStartEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/DocumentEndEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/DocumentStartEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/Event.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/ImplicitTuple.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/MappingEndEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/MappingStartEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/NodeEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/ScalarEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/SequenceEndEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/SequenceStartEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/StreamEndEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/events/StreamStartEvent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/extensions/compactnotation/CompactConstructor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/extensions/compactnotation/CompactData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/extensions/compactnotation/PackageCompactConstructor.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/external/biz/base64Coder/Base64Coder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/external/com/google/gdata/util/common/base/Escaper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/external/com/google/gdata/util/common/base/PercentEscaper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/external/com/google/gdata/util/common/base/UnicodeEscaper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/introspector/BeanAccess.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/introspector/FieldProperty.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/introspector/GenericProperty.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/introspector/MethodProperty.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/introspector/Property.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/introspector/PropertyUtils.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/AnchorNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/CollectionNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/MappingNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/Node.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/NodeId.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/NodeTuple.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/ScalarNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/SequenceNode.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/nodes/Tag.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/parser/Parser.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/parser/ParserException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/parser/ParserImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/parser/Production.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/reader/ReaderException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/reader/StreamReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/reader/UnicodeReader.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/representer/BaseRepresenter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/representer/Represent.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/representer/Representer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/representer/SafeRepresenter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/resolver/RagelMachine.rl][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/resolver/Resolver.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/resolver/ResolverTuple.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/scanner/Constant.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/scanner/Scanner.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/scanner/ScannerException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/scanner/ScannerImpl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/scanner/SimpleKey.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/serializer/Serializer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/serializer/SerializerException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/AliasToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/AnchorToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/BlockEndToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/BlockEntryToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/BlockMappingStartToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/BlockSequenceStartToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/DirectiveToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/DocumentEndToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/DocumentStartToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/FlowEntryToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/FlowMappingEndToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/FlowMappingStartToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/FlowSequenceEndToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/FlowSequenceStartToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/KeyToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/ScalarToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/StreamEndToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/StreamStartToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/TagToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/TagTuple.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/Token.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/tokens/ValueToken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/util/ArrayStack.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][src/org/yaml/snakeyaml/util/UriEncoder.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/english.stp][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/englishPCFG.ser.gz][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/long_english.stp][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/maxent/left3words-wsj-0-18.tagger.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/maxent/left3words-wsj-0-18.tagger][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/maxent/train-wsj-0-18.holder.acls][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/maxent/train-wsj-0-18.holder.dict][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/maxent/train-wsj-0-18.holder.ex][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/maxent/train-wsj-0-18.holder.prob][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/maxent/train-wsj-0-18.holder.tags][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/maxent/train-wsj-0-18.holder][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/opennlp/models/EnglishSD.bin.gz][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/opennlp/models/tag.bin.gz][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/opennlp/models/tagdict.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/svmlight/svm_classify.exe][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/svmlight/svm_classify][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/svmlight/svm_classify_linux][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/svmlight/svm_learn.exe][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/svmlight/svm_learn][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][toolkits/svmlight/svm_learn_linux][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][trace.log][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/.DS_Store][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/.DS_Store][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/Description.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/LibLINEAR.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/build_package.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/allclasses-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/allclasses-noframe.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/constant-values.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/deprecated-list.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/help-doc.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/index-all.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/overview-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/package-list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/resources/inherit.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/serialized-form.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/stylesheet.css][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/weka/classifiers/functions/LibLINEAR.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/weka/classifiers/functions/package-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/weka/classifiers/functions/package-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/doc/weka/classifiers/functions/package-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/lib/liblinear-1.8.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/src/main/java/weka/classifiers/functions/LibLINEAR.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/src/test/java/weka/classifiers/functions/LibLINEARDataTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/src/test/java/weka/classifiers/functions/LibLINEAROptionsTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/src/test/java/weka/classifiers/functions/LibLINEARTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/src/test/resources/iris-novirginica.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/src/test/resources/iris.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibLINEAR/src/test/resources/weather.arff][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/Description.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/LibSVM.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/build_package.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/allclasses-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/allclasses-noframe.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/constant-values.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/deprecated-list.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/help-doc.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/index-all.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/overview-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/package-list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/resources/inherit.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/serialized-form.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/stylesheet.css][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/weka/classifiers/functions/LibSVM.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/weka/classifiers/functions/package-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/weka/classifiers/functions/package-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/doc/weka/classifiers/functions/package-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/lib/libsvm.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/src/main/java/weka/classifiers/functions/LibSVM.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/LibSVM/src/test/java/weka/classifiers/functions/LibSVMTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/Description.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/bayesianLogisticRegression.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/build_package.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/allclasses-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/allclasses-noframe.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/constant-values.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/deprecated-list.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/help-doc.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/index-all.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/overview-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/overview-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/overview-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/package-list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/resources/inherit.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/serialized-form.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/stylesheet.css][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/BayesianLogisticRegression.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/GaussianPriorImpl.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/LaplacePriorImpl.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/Prior.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/package-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/package-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/package-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/package-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/package-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/doc/weka/classifiers/bayes/package-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/src/main/java/weka/classifiers/bayes/BayesianLogisticRegression.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/src/main/java/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/GaussianPriorImpl.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/src/main/java/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/LaplacePriorImpl.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/src/main/java/weka/classifiers/bayes/blr/Prior.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/bayesianLogisticRegression/src/test/java/weka/classifiers/bayes/BayesianLogisticRegressionTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/Description.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/build_package.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/chiSquaredAttributeEval.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/allclasses-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/allclasses-noframe.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/constant-values.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/deprecated-list.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/help-doc.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/index-all.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/overview-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/package-list][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/resources/inherit.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/serialized-form.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/stylesheet.css][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/weka/attributeSelection/ChiSquaredAttributeEval.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/weka/attributeSelection/package-frame.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/weka/attributeSelection/package-summary.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/doc/weka/attributeSelection/package-tree.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/src/main/java/weka/attributeSelection/ChiSquaredAttributeEval.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/packages/chiSquaredAttributeEval/src/test/java/weka/attributeSelection/ChiSquaredAttributeEvalTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ArabicStemmers_LightStemmers/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ArabicStemmers_LightStemmers/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ArabicStemmers_LightStemmers/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ArabicStemmers_LightStemmers/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ArabicStemmers_LightStemmers/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ArabicStemmers_LightStemmers/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CHIRP/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CHIRP/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CHIRP/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CHIRP/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CHIRP/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CHIRP/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CLOPE/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CLOPE/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CLOPE/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CLOPE/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CLOPE/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/CLOPE/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DMNBtext/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DMNBtext/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DMNBtext/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DMNBtext/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DMNBtext/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DMNBtext/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DTNB/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DTNB/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DTNB/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DTNB/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DTNB/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DTNB/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DTNB/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DTNB/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DistributionBasedBalance/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DistributionBasedBalance/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DistributionBasedBalance/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DistributionBasedBalance/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DistributionBasedBalance/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/DistributionBasedBalance/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/EMImputation/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/EMImputation/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/EMImputation/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/EMImputation/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/EMImputation/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/EMImputation/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/J48graft/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/J48graft/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/J48graft/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/J48graft/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/J48graft/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/J48graft/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/JDBCDriversDummyPackage/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/JDBCDriversDummyPackage/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/JDBCDriversDummyPackage/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/JDBCDriversDummyPackage/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/JDBCDriversDummyPackage/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/JDBCDriversDummyPackage/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LVQ/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LVQ/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LVQ/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LVQ/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LVQ/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LVQ/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibLINEAR/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibLINEAR/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibLINEAR/1.8.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibLINEAR/1.8.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibLINEAR/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibLINEAR/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibLINEAR/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibLINEAR/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibSVM/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibSVM/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibSVM/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibSVM/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibSVM/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibSVM/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibSVM/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/LibSVM/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/NNge/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/NNge/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/NNge/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/NNge/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/NNge/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/NNge/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PCP/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PCP/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PCP/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PCP/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PCP/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PCP/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PSOSearch/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PSOSearch/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PSOSearch/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PSOSearch/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PSOSearch/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/PSOSearch/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RBFNetwork/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RBFNetwork/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RBFNetwork/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RBFNetwork/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RBFNetwork/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RBFNetwork/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RerankingSearch/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RerankingSearch/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RerankingSearch/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RerankingSearch/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RerankingSearch/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/RerankingSearch/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SMOTE/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SMOTE/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SMOTE/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SMOTE/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SMOTE/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SMOTE/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SPegasos/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SPegasos/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SPegasos/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SPegasos/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SPegasos/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SPegasos/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SSF/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SSF/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SSF/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SSF/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SSF/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SSF/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SVMAttributeEval/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SVMAttributeEval/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SVMAttributeEval/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SVMAttributeEval/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SVMAttributeEval/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SVMAttributeEval/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SelfOrganizingMap/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SelfOrganizingMap/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SelfOrganizingMap/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SelfOrganizingMap/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SelfOrganizingMap/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SelfOrganizingMap/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SelfOrganizingMap/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/SelfOrganizingMap/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/TPP/1.0.4.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/TPP/1.0.4.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/TPP/1.0.5.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/TPP/1.0.5.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/TPP/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/TPP/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/TPP/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/TPP/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/Title-Bird-Header.gif][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/1.0.2.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/1.0.2.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaExcel/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/1.0.2.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/1.0.2.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/WekaODF/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/XMeans/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/XMeans/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/XMeans/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/XMeans/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/XMeans/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/XMeans/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/XMeans/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/XMeans/versions.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/alternatingDecisionTrees/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/alternatingDecisionTrees/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/alternatingDecisionTrees/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/alternatingDecisionTrees/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/alternatingDecisionTrees/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/alternatingDecisionTrees/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/associationRulesVisualizer/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/associationRulesVisualizer/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/associationRulesVisualizer/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/associationRulesVisualizer/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/associationRulesVisualizer/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/associationRulesVisualizer/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/attributeSelectionSearchMethods/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/attributeSelectionSearchMethods/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/attributeSelectionSearchMethods/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/attributeSelectionSearchMethods/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/attributeSelectionSearchMethods/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/attributeSelectionSearchMethods/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/attributeSelectionSearchMethods/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/attributeSelectionSearchMethods/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/averagedOneDependenceEstimators/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/averagedOneDependenceEstimators/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/averagedOneDependenceEstimators/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/averagedOneDependenceEstimators/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/averagedOneDependenceEstimators/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/averagedOneDependenceEstimators/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bayesianLogisticRegression/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bayesianLogisticRegression/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bayesianLogisticRegression/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bayesianLogisticRegression/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bayesianLogisticRegression/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bayesianLogisticRegression/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bestFirstTree/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bestFirstTree/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bestFirstTree/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bestFirstTree/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bestFirstTree/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bestFirstTree/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bestFirstTree/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/bestFirstTree/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/chiSquaredAttributeEval/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/chiSquaredAttributeEval/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/chiSquaredAttributeEval/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/chiSquaredAttributeEval/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/chiSquaredAttributeEval/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/chiSquaredAttributeEval/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/citationKNN/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/citationKNN/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/citationKNN/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/citationKNN/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/citationKNN/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/citationKNN/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classAssociationRules/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classAssociationRules/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classAssociationRules/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classAssociationRules/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classAssociationRules/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classAssociationRules/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaClustering/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaClustering/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaClustering/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaClustering/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaClustering/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaClustering/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaRegression/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaRegression/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaRegression/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaRegression/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaRegression/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classificationViaRegression/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierBasedAttributeSelection/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierBasedAttributeSelection/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierBasedAttributeSelection/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierBasedAttributeSelection/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierBasedAttributeSelection/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierBasedAttributeSelection/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierErrors/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierErrors/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierErrors/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierErrors/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierErrors/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/classifierErrors/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/complementNaiveBayes/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/complementNaiveBayes/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/complementNaiveBayes/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/complementNaiveBayes/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/complementNaiveBayes/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/complementNaiveBayes/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/conjunctiveRule/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/conjunctiveRule/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/conjunctiveRule/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/conjunctiveRule/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/conjunctiveRule/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/conjunctiveRule/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/consistencySubsetEval/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/consistencySubsetEval/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/consistencySubsetEval/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/consistencySubsetEval/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/consistencySubsetEval/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/consistencySubsetEval/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/costSensitiveAttributeSelection/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/costSensitiveAttributeSelection/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/costSensitiveAttributeSelection/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/costSensitiveAttributeSelection/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/costSensitiveAttributeSelection/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/costSensitiveAttributeSelection/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/dagging/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/dagging/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/dagging/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/dagging/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/dagging/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/dagging/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/decorate/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/decorate/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/decorate/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/decorate/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/decorate/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/decorate/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/denormalize/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/denormalize/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/denormalize/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/denormalize/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/denormalize/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/denormalize/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensembleLibrary/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensembleLibrary/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensembleLibrary/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensembleLibrary/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensembleLibrary/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensembleLibrary/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensembleLibrary/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensembleLibrary/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensemblesOfNestedDichotomies/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensemblesOfNestedDichotomies/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensemblesOfNestedDichotomies/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensemblesOfNestedDichotomies/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensemblesOfNestedDichotomies/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ensemblesOfNestedDichotomies/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fastCorrBasedFS/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fastCorrBasedFS/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fastCorrBasedFS/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fastCorrBasedFS/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fastCorrBasedFS/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fastCorrBasedFS/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/filteredAttributeSelection/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/filteredAttributeSelection/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/filteredAttributeSelection/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/filteredAttributeSelection/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/filteredAttributeSelection/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/filteredAttributeSelection/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/functionalTrees/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/functionalTrees/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/functionalTrees/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/functionalTrees/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/functionalTrees/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/functionalTrees/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyLaticeReasoning/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyLaticeReasoning/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyLaticeReasoning/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyLaticeReasoning/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyLaticeReasoning/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyLaticeReasoning/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyUnorderedRuleInduction/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyUnorderedRuleInduction/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyUnorderedRuleInduction/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyUnorderedRuleInduction/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyUnorderedRuleInduction/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/fuzzyUnorderedRuleInduction/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gaussianProcesses/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gaussianProcesses/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gaussianProcesses/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gaussianProcesses/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gaussianProcesses/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gaussianProcesses/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/generalizedSequentialPatterns/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/generalizedSequentialPatterns/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/generalizedSequentialPatterns/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/generalizedSequentialPatterns/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/generalizedSequentialPatterns/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/generalizedSequentialPatterns/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/grading/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/grading/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/grading/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/grading/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/grading/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/grading/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/1.0.2.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/1.0.2.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/1.0.3.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/1.0.3.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/gridSearch/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hiddenNaiveBayes/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hiddenNaiveBayes/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hiddenNaiveBayes/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hiddenNaiveBayes/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hiddenNaiveBayes/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hiddenNaiveBayes/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hotSpot/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hotSpot/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hotSpot/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hotSpot/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hotSpot/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hotSpot/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hotSpot/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hotSpot/versions.txt][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hyperPipes/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hyperPipes/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hyperPipes/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hyperPipes/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hyperPipes/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/hyperPipes/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/images.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/isotonicRegression/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/isotonicRegression/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/isotonicRegression/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/isotonicRegression/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/isotonicRegression/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/isotonicRegression/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/jfreechartOffscreenRenderer/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/jfreechartOffscreenRenderer/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/jfreechartOffscreenRenderer/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/jfreechartOffscreenRenderer/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/jfreechartOffscreenRenderer/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/jfreechartOffscreenRenderer/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/1.0.2.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/1.0.2.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfGroovy/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/1.0.2.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/1.0.2.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfKettle/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfPMMLClassifierScoring/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfPMMLClassifierScoring/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfPMMLClassifierScoring/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfPMMLClassifierScoring/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfPMMLClassifierScoring/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfPMMLClassifierScoring/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfPMMLClassifierScoring/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/kfPMMLClassifierScoring/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/latentSemanticAnalysis/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/latentSemanticAnalysis/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/latentSemanticAnalysis/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/latentSemanticAnalysis/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/latentSemanticAnalysis/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/latentSemanticAnalysis/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/latentSemanticAnalysis/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/latentSemanticAnalysis/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/lazyBayesianRules/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/lazyBayesianRules/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/lazyBayesianRules/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/lazyBayesianRules/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/lazyBayesianRules/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/lazyBayesianRules/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/leastMedSquared/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/leastMedSquared/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/leastMedSquared/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/leastMedSquared/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/leastMedSquared/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/leastMedSquared/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/levenshteinEditDistance/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/levenshteinEditDistance/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/levenshteinEditDistance/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/levenshteinEditDistance/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/levenshteinEditDistance/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/levenshteinEditDistance/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/linearForwardSelection/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/linearForwardSelection/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/linearForwardSelection/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/linearForwardSelection/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/linearForwardSelection/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/linearForwardSelection/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/massiveOnlineAnalysis/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/massiveOnlineAnalysis/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/massiveOnlineAnalysis/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/massiveOnlineAnalysis/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/massiveOnlineAnalysis/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/massiveOnlineAnalysis/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/metaCost/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/metaCost/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/metaCost/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/metaCost/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/metaCost/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/metaCost/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiBoostAB/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiBoostAB/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiBoostAB/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiBoostAB/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiBoostAB/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiBoostAB/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceFilters/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceFilters/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceFilters/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceFilters/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceFilters/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceFilters/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/1.0.2.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/1.0.2.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/1.0.3.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/1.0.3.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multiInstanceLearning/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multilayerPerceptronCS/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multilayerPerceptronCS/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multilayerPerceptronCS/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multilayerPerceptronCS/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multilayerPerceptronCS/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/multilayerPerceptronCS/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/naiveBayesTree/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/naiveBayesTree/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/naiveBayesTree/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/naiveBayesTree/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/naiveBayesTree/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/naiveBayesTree/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/normalize/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/normalize/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/normalize/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/normalize/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/normalize/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/normalize/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/oneClassClassifier/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/oneClassClassifier/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/oneClassClassifier/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/oneClassClassifier/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/oneClassClassifier/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/oneClassClassifier/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/optics_dbScan/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/optics_dbScan/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/optics_dbScan/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/optics_dbScan/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/optics_dbScan/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/optics_dbScan/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalClassClassifier/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalClassClassifier/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalClassClassifier/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalClassClassifier/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalClassClassifier/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalClassClassifier/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalLearningMethod/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalLearningMethod/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalLearningMethod/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalLearningMethod/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalLearningMethod/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalLearningMethod/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalStochasticDominance/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalStochasticDominance/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalStochasticDominance/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalStochasticDominance/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalStochasticDominance/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ordinalStochasticDominance/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/paceRegression/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/paceRegression/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/paceRegression/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/paceRegression/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/paceRegression/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/paceRegression/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/packageList.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/partialLeastSquares/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/partialLeastSquares/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/partialLeastSquares/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/partialLeastSquares/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/partialLeastSquares/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/partialLeastSquares/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/pentaho_logo_rgb_sm.png][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/predictiveApriori/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/predictiveApriori/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/predictiveApriori/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/predictiveApriori/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/predictiveApriori/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/predictiveApriori/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraph/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraph/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraph/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraph/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraph/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraph/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraph/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraph/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraphViewer/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraphViewer/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraphViewer/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraphViewer/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraphViewer/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraphViewer/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraphViewer/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseGraphViewer/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseTree/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseTree/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseTree/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseTree/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseTree/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseTree/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseTree/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/prefuseTree/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/probabilisticSignificanceAE/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/probabilisticSignificanceAE/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/probabilisticSignificanceAE/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/probabilisticSignificanceAE/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/probabilisticSignificanceAE/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/probabilisticSignificanceAE/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/raceSearch/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/raceSearch/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/raceSearch/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/raceSearch/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/raceSearch/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/raceSearch/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/racedIncrementalLogitBoost/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/racedIncrementalLogitBoost/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/racedIncrementalLogitBoost/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/racedIncrementalLogitBoost/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/racedIncrementalLogitBoost/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/racedIncrementalLogitBoost/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/realAdaBoost/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/realAdaBoost/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/realAdaBoost/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/realAdaBoost/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/realAdaBoost/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/realAdaBoost/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/regressionByDiscretization/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/regressionByDiscretization/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/regressionByDiscretization/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/regressionByDiscretization/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/regressionByDiscretization/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/regressionByDiscretization/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ridor/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ridor/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ridor/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ridor/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ridor/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/ridor/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/rotationForest/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/rotationForest/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/rotationForest/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/rotationForest/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/rotationForest/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/rotationForest/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/rotationForest/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/rotationForest/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sasLoader/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sasLoader/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sasLoader/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sasLoader/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sasLoader/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sasLoader/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/1.0.2.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/1.0.2.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scatterPlot3D/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scriptingClassifiers/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scriptingClassifiers/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scriptingClassifiers/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scriptingClassifiers/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scriptingClassifiers/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/scriptingClassifiers/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sequentialInformationalBottleneckClusterer/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sequentialInformationalBottleneckClusterer/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sequentialInformationalBottleneckClusterer/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sequentialInformationalBottleneckClusterer/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sequentialInformationalBottleneckClusterer/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/sequentialInformationalBottleneckClusterer/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleCART/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleCART/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleCART/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleCART/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleCART/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleCART/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleEducationalLearningSchemes/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleEducationalLearningSchemes/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleEducationalLearningSchemes/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleEducationalLearningSchemes/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleEducationalLearningSchemes/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/simpleEducationalLearningSchemes/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/stackingC/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/stackingC/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/stackingC/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/stackingC/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/stackingC/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/stackingC/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/tabuAndScatterSearch/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/tabuAndScatterSearch/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/tabuAndScatterSearch/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/tabuAndScatterSearch/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/tabuAndScatterSearch/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/tabuAndScatterSearch/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/thresholdSelector/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/thresholdSelector/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/thresholdSelector/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/thresholdSelector/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/thresholdSelector/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/thresholdSelector/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.1.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.1.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.2.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.2.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.3.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.3.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.4.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.4.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.5.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.5.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.6.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/1.0.6.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/timeseriesForecasting/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/userClassifier/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/userClassifier/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/userClassifier/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/userClassifier/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/userClassifier/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/userClassifier/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/votingFeatureIntervals/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/votingFeatureIntervals/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/votingFeatureIntervals/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/votingFeatureIntervals/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/votingFeatureIntervals/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/votingFeatureIntervals/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wavelet/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wavelet/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wavelet/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wavelet/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wavelet/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wavelet/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wekaServer/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wekaServer/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wekaServer/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wekaServer/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wekaServer/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/wekaServer/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/winnow/1.0.0.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/winnow/1.0.0.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/winnow/Latest.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/winnow/Latest.props][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/winnow/index.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/repCache/winnow/versions.txt][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/systemDialogs/weka.gui.GUIChooser.HowToFindPackageManager][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/Mindtoeye/Hoop][wekafiles/weka.log][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][.gitignore][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][README.md][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/.gitignore][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/.gitignore][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/InitDerbyLiveDb.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/InitDerbyTestDb.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DDL.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_DemoData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_MasterData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/derby/derby_common.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/derby/ij.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/derby/ij][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/derby/lib/derby.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/derby/lib/derbytools.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/fb.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/social.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/conf/twitter.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/SocialConnect.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/CraftedState.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/KeywordType.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/Networks.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/consumer/SocialDataConsumer$FacebookThread.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/consumer/SocialDataConsumer$TwitterThread.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/consumer/SocialDataConsumer.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/data/CustomerNetworkKeywords.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/data/DataCrafter.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/data/FilteredMessageList.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/HibernateUtil.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Customers.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Keywords.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/KeywordsId.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Messages.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/CustomerHelper.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/KeywordHelper.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/MessageHelper.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/TwitterMentionedFilter.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/wordlists/FoodEng.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/FacebookConnection.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/SocialNetworkConnection.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/TwitterConnection.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/FacebookQuery.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/Query.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/TwitterQuery.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilDateTime.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilValidate.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/resources/hibernate-derby.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/resources/simplelogger.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/main/resources/wordlists/FoodEng][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/SocialTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/constants/CraftedStateTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/constants/KeywordTypeTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/constants/NetworksTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/consumer/SocialDataConsumerTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/data/DataCrafterTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/data/FilteredMessageListTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/data/UserNetworkKeywordsTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/entity/DerbyTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/filter/MentionedFilterTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/filter/wordlists/FoodEngTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/platform/FacebookConnectionTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/platform/TwitterConnectionTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/query/FacebookQueryTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/query/TwitterQueryTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilDateTimeTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/bin/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilValidateTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/InitDerbyLiveDb.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/InitDerbyTestDb.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DDL.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_DemoData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_MasterData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/db_scripts/MySql_DDL.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/db_scripts/MySql_DML_DemoData.sql][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/db_scripts/MySql_DML_LearningData.sql][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/db_scripts/MySql_DML_MasterData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/derby/derby_common.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/derby/ij.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/derby/ij][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/derby/lib/derby.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/derby/lib/derbytools.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/fb.properties][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/foursquare.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/hibernate-mysql-local.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/hibernate-mysql-locale.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/hibernate-mysql-test.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/hibernate-mysql.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/hibernate.cfg.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/openTable.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/qype.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/social.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/tripAdvisor.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/twitter.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/yelp.properties][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/conf/zagat.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/assemble/distribution.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/ApplicationScheduler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/LoadLearningDataToDb.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/SocialConnect.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/Start.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/Classification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/CraftedState.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/KeywordType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/Networks.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/consumer/SocialDataConsumer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/data/CustomerNetworkKeywords.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/data/DataCrafter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/data/FilteredMessageList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/HibernateUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Customers.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Keywords.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/KeywordsId.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/LearningData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Messages.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/AbstractDAO.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/CustomerDAO.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/CustomerHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/KeywordDAO.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/KeywordDAOImpl.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/KeywordHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/LearningDAO.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/MessageDAO.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/MessageHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/exceptions/ItemNotFoundException.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/TwitterMentionedFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/classifier/BaseClassifier.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/classifier/BayesClassifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/classifier/J48Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/classifier/bayes/BayesClassifier.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/classifier/bayes/Classification.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/classifier/bayes/Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/classifier/bayes/IFeatureProbability.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/sentiment/SentimentAnalyser.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/wordlists/FoodEng.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/wordlists/WordlistFilter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/FacebookConnection.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/FacebookKraken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/FoursquareKraken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/OpenTableConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/OpenTableKraken.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/QypeKraken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/SocialKrakenFactory.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/SocialNetworkConnection.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/SocialNetworkFactory.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/SocialNetworkKraken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/TripAdvisorKraken.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/TwitterConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/TwitterKraken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/YelpConnection.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/YelpKraken.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/ZagatKraken.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/connection/AbstractConnection.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/connection/FacebookConnection.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/connection/FoursquareConnection.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/connection/QypeConnection.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/connection/SocialNetworkConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/connection/TwitterConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/crawler/BaseCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/crawler/JsoupBaseCrwaler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/crawler/OpenTableSocialCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/crawler/SocialCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/crawler/TripAdvisorSocialCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/crawler/YelpSocialCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/crawler/ZagatSocialCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/network/oauth/YelpV2Api.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/FacebookConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/SocialNetworkConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/TwitterConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/FacebookQuery.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/FoursquareQuery.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/OpenTableQuery.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/Query.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/QypeQuery.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/TripAdvisorQuery.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/TwitterQuery.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/YelpQuery.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/query/ZagatQuery.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilDateTime.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilLucene.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilProperties.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilSimilarity.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilValidate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/resources/hibernate-derby.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/resources/hibernate-mysql.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/resources/log4j.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/resources/simplelogger.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/main/resources/wordlists/FoodEng][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/SocialTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/constants/ClassificationStateTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/constants/CraftedStateTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/constants/KeywordTypeTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/constants/NetworksTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/consumer/SocialDataConsumerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/data/CustomerNetworkKeywordsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/data/DataCrafterTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/data/FilteredMessageListTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/data/UserNetworkKeywordsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/entity/DerbyTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/filter/MentionedFilterTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/filter/TwitterMentionedFilterTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/filter/classifier/ClassifiersTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/filter/classifier/bayes/ClassifierTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/filter/sentiment/SentimentAnalyserTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/filter/wordlists/FoodEngTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/filter/wordlists/WordlistfilterTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/FacebookConnectionMock.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/FacebookKrakenTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/FoursquareConnectionMock.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/FoursquareKrakenTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/KeywordDAOMock.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/MockOpenTableBaseCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/MockYelpBaseCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/MockZagatBaseCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/OpenTableKrakenTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/QypeConnectionMock.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/QypeKrakenTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/SocialKrankenFactoryTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/TwitterConnectionMock.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/TwitterKrakenTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/YelpKrakenTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/ZagatKrakenTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/crawler/MockBaseCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/crawler/OpenTableSocialCrawlerTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/crawler/TripAdvisorSocialCrawlerTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/crawler/YelpSocialCrawlerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/networks/crawler/ZagatSocialCrawlerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/netwroks/crawler/MockBaseCrawler.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/netwroks/crawler/OpenTableSocialCrawlerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/netwroks/crawler/YelpSocialCrawlerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/platform/FacebookConnectionTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/platform/TwitterConnectionTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/query/FacebookQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/query/FoursquareQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/query/OpenTableQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/query/QypeQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/query/TwitterQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/query/YelpQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/query/ZagatQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilDateTimeTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilLuceneTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilPropertiesTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilSimilarityTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilValidateTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/OpenTableWolfgangsTest_WithPagination.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/OpenTableWolfgangsTest_WithoutPagination.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/TripAdvisorTest_WithPagination.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/TripAdvisorTest_WithoutPagination.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/YelpVapianoTest_WithPagination.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/YelpVapianoTest_WithoutPagination.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/ZagatFivaGuysTest_WithPagination.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/ZagatFivaGuysTest_WithoutPagination.html][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/sentimentLearningTestData][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectCore/src/test/resources/sentimentTestData][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/.gitignore][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/DeleteDerbyTestDb.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/InitDerbyTestDb.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DDL.sql][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_DemoData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_LearningData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_MasterData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/derby/derby_common.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/derby/ij.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/derby/ij][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/derby/lib/derby.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/derby/lib/derbytools.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/fb.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/foursquare.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/hibernate-derby.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/openTable.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/qype.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/social.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/tripAdvisor.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/twitter.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/yelp.properties][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/conf/zagat.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/derby.log][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/SocialITCase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/SocialTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/consumer/SocialDataConsumerITCase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/consumer/SocialDataConsumerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/data/DataCrafterITCase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/data/DataCrafterTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/data/FilteredMessageListTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/data/UserNetworkKeywordsITCase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/data/UserNetworkKeywordsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/entity/DaoITCase.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/entity/DerbyITCase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/entity/DerbyTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/filter/MentionedFilterTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/filter/wordlists/FoodEngTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/FacebookConnectionITCase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/FoursquareConnectionITCase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/QypeConnectionITCase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/TwitterConnectionITCase.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/YelpConnectionITCase.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/crawler/CrawlerITCase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/crawler/SocialCrawlerTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/crawler/SocialOpenTableCrawlerTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/network/crawler/SocialYelpCrawlerTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/platform/FacebookConnectionITCase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/platform/FacebookConnectionTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/platform/TwitterConnectionITCase.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/platform/TwitterConnectionTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/query/FacebookQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/query/TwitterQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilDateTimeTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilValidateTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/resources/hibernate-derby.cfg.xml][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/resources/simplelogger.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectIntegration/src/test/resources/wordlists/FoodEng][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectUi/.gitignore][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][SocialConnectUi/pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/InitDerbyLiveDb.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/InitDerbyTestDb.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/db_scripts/Derby_DDL.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_DemoData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/db_scripts/Derby_DML_MasterData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/derby/derby_common.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/derby/ij.bat][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/derby/ij][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/derby/lib/derby.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/derby/lib/derbytools.jar][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/fb.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/simplelogger.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/social.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][conf/twitter.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][pom.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/SocialConnect.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/constants/CraftedState.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/constants/KeywordType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/constants/Networks.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/consumer/SocialDataConsumer.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/SocialConnect.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/CraftedState.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/KeywordType.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/constants/Networks.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/consumer/SocialDataConsumer.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/data/CustomerNetworkKeywords.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/data/DataCrafter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/data/FilteredMessageList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/HibernateUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Customers.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Keywords.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/KeywordsId.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/domain/Messages.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/CustomerHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/KeywordHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/entity/helper/MessageHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/TwitterMentionedFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/filter/wordlists/FoodEng.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/FacebookConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/SocialNetworkConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/platform/TwitterConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/query/FacebookQuery.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/query/Query.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/query/TwitterQuery.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilDateTime.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/core/util/UtilValidate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/data/CustomerNetworkKeywords.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/data/DataCrafter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/data/FilteredMessageList.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/data/MessageData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/HibernateUtil.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/domain/Customers.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/domain/Keywords.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/domain/KeywordsId.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/domain/Messages.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/helper/CustomerHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/helper/KeywordHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/helper/MessageHelper.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/entity/helper/PersistMessages.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/filter/MentionedFilter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/filter/TwitterMentionedFilter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/filter/wordlists/FoodEng.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/platform/FacebookConnection.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/platform/SocialNetworkConnection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/platform/TwitterConnection.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/query/FacebookQuery.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/query/Query.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/query/TwitterQuery.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/util/UtilCollection.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/util/UtilDateTime.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/java/org/social/util/UtilValidate.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/resources/entity/mapping/Customers.hbm.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/resources/entity/mapping/Keywords.hbm.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/resources/entity/mapping/Messages.hbm.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/resources/hibernate-derby.cfg.xml][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/resources/simplelogger.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/main/resources/wordlists/FoodEng][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/SocialTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/constants/CraftedStateTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/constants/KeywordTypeTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/constants/NetworksTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/consumer/SocialDataConsumerTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/data/DataCrafterTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/data/FilteredMessageListTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/data/UserNetworkKeywordsTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/entity/DerbyTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/filter/MentionedFilterTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/filter/wordlists/FoodEngTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/platform/FacebookConnectionTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/platform/TwitterConnectionTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/query/FacebookQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/query/TwitterQueryTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilDateTimeTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/java/org/social/util/UtilValidateTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/resources/Derby_DDL.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/resources/Derby_DML_DemoData.sql][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/resources/Derby_DML_MasterData.sql][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/SaschaRodekamp/SocialConnect][src/test/resources/Derby_DML_TEST.sql][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][.gitignore][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][README][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][etc/defaultLcs.properties][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/AbstractLearningClassifierSystem.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/ArffLoader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/ArffTrainTestLoader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/ArffTrainer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/BAMEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/FoldEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/LCSExploitTemplate.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/LCSExploitTemplate.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/LCSTrainTemplate.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/LCSTrainTemplate.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/calibration/InternalValidation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/calibration/ProportionalCut.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/Classifier.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ClassifierSet.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ClassifierSet.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/DummySizeControlStrategy.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/DummySizeControlStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ExtendedBitSet.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ExtendedBitSet.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/FixedSizeSetWorstFitnessDeletion.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/FixedSizeSetWorstFitnessTournamentDeletion.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/IPopulationControlStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ISizeControlStrategy.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ISizeControlStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/InadequeteClassifierDeletionStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/Macroclassifier.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/Macroclassifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/OverpopulationInverseFitnessProportionateDeletion.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/OverpopulationInverseFitnessProportionateDeletion.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/PostProcessPopulationControl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/SortPopulationControl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/FixedSizeSetWorstFitnessDeletion.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/InadequeteClassifierDeletionStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/PostProcessPopulationControl.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/SortPopulationControl.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/ASLCSUpdateAlgorithm.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/ASLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/AbstractSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/AbstractSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/AbstractUpdateAlgorithmStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/AbstractUpdateStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/ClassifierTransformBridge.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/ClassifierTransformBridge.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/ComplexRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/GenericSLCSClassifierData.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/GenericSLCSClassifierData.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/IClassificationStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/IEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/IUpdateAlgorithmFactoryAndStrategy.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/IUpdateAlgorithmFactoryAndStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/SSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/SSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/SimpleBooleanRepresentation.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/SimpleBooleanRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/TzimaClassifierData.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/TzimaClassifierData.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/TzimaRepresentation.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/TzimaRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/UCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/UnilabelRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/UpdateAlgorithmFactoryAndStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/XCSClassifierData.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/XCSClassifierData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/XCSUpdateAlgorithm.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/XCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/XSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/ComplexRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/GenericMultiLabelRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/SimpleBooleanRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/SingleClassRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/StrictMultiLabelRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/UniLabelRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/UnilabelRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/ComplexRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/GenericMultiLabelRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/SingleClassRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/StrictMultiLabelRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/UniLabelRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/ASLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/AbstractSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/GenericUCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/MlASLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/MlSSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/MlUCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/RTUCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/SSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/SequentialMlUCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/SequentialMlUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/UCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/XCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/XSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/data/GenericSLCSClassifierData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/data/XCSClassifierData.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/AccuracyEvaluator.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/AccuracyRecallEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/AllSingleLabelEvaluator.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/BAMPercentageEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/BinaryAccuracyEvalutor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/BinaryAccuracySelfEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/ConfusionMatrixEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/ExactMatchEvalutor.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/ExactMatchSelfEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/FileLogger.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/HammingLossEvaluator.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/SingleLabelEvaluator.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/bamevaluators/IdentityBAMEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/bamevaluators/PositionBAMEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/BestClassifierSelector.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/BestClassifierSelector.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/BestFitnessTournamentSelector.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/BestFitnessTournamentSelector.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IBinaryGeneticOperator.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IBinaryGeneticOperator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IGeneticAlgorithmStrategy.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IGeneticAlgorithmStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/INaturalSelector.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/INaturalSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IUnaryGeneticOperator.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IUnaryGeneticOperator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/NichedSteadyStateFitnessProportionalGeneticAlgorithm.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/NichedSteadyStateFitnessProportionalGeneticAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/SinglePointCrossover.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/SinglePointCrossover.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/SteadyStateGeneticAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/TournamentSelector.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/UniformBitMutation.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/UniformBitMutation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/WeightedRouletteSelector.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/WeightedRouletteSelector.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/algorithms/SteadyStateGeneticAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/operators/SinglePointCrossover.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/operators/UniformBitMutation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/BestClassifierSelector.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/RouletteWheelSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/TournamentSelector.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/TournamentSelector2.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/WeightedRouletteSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/ASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/AllMlTypes.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/BRSGUCSCombination.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/BatchASLCSExperiments.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/BinaryRelevanceUCS.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectGASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectGMlASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectGMlSSLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectGMlUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectGUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectMlSSLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectMlUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/GMlASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/GMlSSLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/GMlUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/MlASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/MlSSLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/MlUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/RTASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/RTUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SSLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGMlASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGMlSSLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGMlUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGSSLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialMlUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/TournamentSGMlUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/TournamentSGUCS.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/TransformASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/TransformationUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/UCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/UnilabelUCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/AccuracyEvaluatorTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/BRSelectorTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/BestFitnessTournamentSelectorTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ClassifierSetTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ClassifierSetTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ComplexRepresentationLCSTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ComplexRepresentationTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ExtendedBitSetTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ExtendedBitSetTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/FixedSizeDeletionTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/GenericMlRepresentationTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/MacroclassifierTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/MacroclassifierTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/MockLCS.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/PWSelectorTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ProportionalCutTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/RouletteSelectorTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/SimpleBoolTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/SimpleBooleanRepresentationTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/SimpleBooleanRepresentationTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/SinglePointCrossoverTest.class][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/SinglePointCrossoverTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/StrictMlRepresentationTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/UniformMutationTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/mocks/MockLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/mocks/MockTransformBridge.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/mocks/MockUpdateStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/BinaryRelevanceSelector.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/ExtendedBitSet.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/ILabelSelector.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/InstanceToDoubleConverter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/LabelFrequencyCalculator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/PairwiseLabelSelector.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/ProportionalCut.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/SettingsLoader.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/AbstractLearningClassifierSystem.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/ArffTrainTestLoader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/BAMEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/FoldEvaluator.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/calibration/InternalValidation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/calibration/ProportionalCut.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/Classifier.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ClassifierSet.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/IPopulationControlStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/Macroclassifier.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/FixedSizeSetWorstFitnessDeletion.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/InadequeteClassifierDeletionStrategy.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/PostProcessPopulationControl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/SortPopulationControl.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/statistics/MeanAttributeSpecificityStatistic.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/statistics/MeanCoverageStatistic.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/statistics/MeanFitnessStatistic.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/statistics/MeanLabelSpecificity.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/statistics/WeightedMeanAttributeSpecificityStatistic.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/statistics/WeightedMeanCoverageStatistic.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/statistics/WeightedMeanLabelSpecificity.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/statistics/bundles/SetStatisticsBundle.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/AbstractUpdateStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/ClassifierTransformBridge.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/IClassificationStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/IEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/ILCSMetric.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/LCSMetricBundle.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/SimpleBooleanRepresentation.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/ComplexRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/GenericMultiLabelRepresentation.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/SingleClassRepresentation.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/StrictMultiLabelRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/UniLabelRepresentation.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/ASLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/AbstractSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/MlASLCS2UpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/MlASLCS3UpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/MlASLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/MlSSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/MlUCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/RTUCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/SSLCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/SequentialMlUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/UCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/XCSUpdateAlgorithm.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/distributed/AbstractRuleDistributer.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/distributed/IRuleRouter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/distributed/IRuleSocket.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/distributed/distributers/SimpleRuleDistributer.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/distributed/routers/All2AllRouter.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/distributed/sockets/LocalHubbedRuleSocket.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/AccuracyRecallEvaluator.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/AllSingleLabelEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/BAMPercentageEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/ConfusionMatrixEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/ExactMatchEvalutor.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/FileLogger.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/HammingLossEvaluator.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/SingleLabelEvaluator.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/TestFileClassification.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/TestFileEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/bamevaluators/BAMEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/bamevaluators/IdentityBAMEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/bamevaluators/PositionBAMEvaluator.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IBinaryGeneticOperator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IGeneticAlgorithmStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/INaturalSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IRuleSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/IUnaryGeneticOperator.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/algorithms/SteadyStateGeneticAlgorithm.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/operators/SinglePointCrossover.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/operators/UniformBitMutation.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/BestClassifierSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/RouletteWheelSelector.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/TournamentSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/TournamentSelector2.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/ASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/AllMlTypes.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/BRSGUCSCombination.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/BatchASLCSExperiments.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectGASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectGUCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/DirectUCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/EnsembleBRSeqUCSComb.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/EnsembleGMlASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/GMlASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/GMlASLCS2.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/GMlSSLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/GMlUCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/MlASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/MlSSLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/MlUCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/RTASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/RTUCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SSLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGSSLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialGUCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/SequentialUCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/TransformASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/TransformationUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/UCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/global/AllMlTypes.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/meta/BRSGUCSCombination.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/meta/EnsembleBRSeqUCSComb.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/meta/EnsembleGMlASLCS.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/impementations/meta/EnsembleRTASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/ASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/BatchASLCSExperiments.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/DirectASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/DirectGASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/DirectGUCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/DirectUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/GMlASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/GMlASLCS2.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/GMlASLCS3.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/GMlSSLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/GMlUCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/MlASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/MlSSLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/MlUCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/RTASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/RTUCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/SSLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/SequentialASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/SequentialGASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/SequentialGSSLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/SequentialGUCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/SequentialUCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/TransformASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/TransformationUCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/UCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/global/AllMlTypes.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/meta/BRGMlASLCS2Combination.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/meta/BRSGUCSCombination.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/meta/EnsembleBRSeqUCSComb.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/meta/EnsembleGMlASLCS.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/meta/EnsembleRTASLCS.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/meta/GenericEnsemble.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/implementations/parallel/P2Plcs.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/meta/BaggedEnsemble.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/AccuracyEvaluatorTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/BRSelectorTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/BestFitnessTournamentSelectorTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ClassifierSetTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ComplexRepresentationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ExtendedBitSetTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/FixedSizeDeletionTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/GenericMlRepresentationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/MacroclassifierTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/PWSelectorTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/ProportionalCutTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/RouletteSelectorTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/SimpleBooleanRepresentationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/SinglePointCrossoverTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/StrictMlRepresentationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/UniformMutationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/mocks/MockLCS.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/mocks/MockTransformBridge.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/tests/mocks/MockUpdateStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/BinaryRelevanceSelector.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/ExtendedBitSet.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/ILabelSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/InstanceToDoubleConverter.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/InstancesUtility.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/LabelFrequencyCalculator.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/LabelRepresentationConverter.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/PairwiseLabelSelector.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][src/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/SettingsLoader.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/AbstractLearningClassifierSystemTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/FoldEvaluatorTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/MockLCS.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/calibration/InternalValidationTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/calibration/ProportionalCutTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ClassifierSetTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/ClassifierTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/MacroclassifierTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/classifiers/populationcontrol/FixedSizeDeletionTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/MockTransformBridge.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/MockUpdateStrategy.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/SimpleBooleanRepresentationTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/ComplexRepresentationTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/GenericMlRepresentationTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/representations/complex/StrictMlRepresentationTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/data/updateAlgorithms/SequentialMlUpdateAlgorithmTest.java][Buggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/AccuracyEvaluatorTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/ExactMatchEvalutorTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/HammingLossEvaluatorTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/evaluators/RecallEvaluatorTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/operators/SinglePointCrossoverTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/operators/UniformMutationTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/BestFitnessTournamentSelectorTest.java][Buggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/geneticalgorithm/selectors/RouletteSelectorTest.java][NotBuggy] = Buggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/BRSelectorTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/ExtendedBitSetTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
collect[https://github.com/mallamanis/LCSFramework][test/gr/auth/ee/lcs/utilities/PWSelectorTest.java][NotBuggy] = NotBuggy
