print1[] = 467
result[.ant-targets-build.xml][refactor] = refactor
result[.project][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[.travis.yml][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[LICENSE][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[boa.sh][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[build.xml][refactor] = refactor
result[compile.bat][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[compile.sh][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[docs/docstyle.css][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[docs/guidestyle.css][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[docs/sawzall-intrinsics.html][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[docs/sawzall-language.html][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[docs/sawzall-spec.html][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[docs/sawzall-style-guide.html][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[failingtest/codegen/assign-func-params.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/codegen/curry.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/codegen/map-protobuf-key.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/codegen/quantified-func-call.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/codegen/same-var-names.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/all.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/concurrent-log.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/concurrent.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/counts2.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/diamond.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/fields.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/generics-define-field.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/generics-wildcard-extends.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/generics-wildcard-super.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/generics-wildcard.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/multicatch.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/potential.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q10.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q12.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q13.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q15.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q16.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q17.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q19.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q20.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q21.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/q22.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/test.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/thread-use.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/known-good/varargs.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/typecheck/errors/builtin-method-no-call.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/typecheck/errors/method-call-wrong-type.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/typecheck/errors/quant-missing-use.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/typecheck/errors/re-decl-var2.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/typecheck/forward-declare-func.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[failingtest/typecheck/recursive-func.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/antlr-4.5-complete.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/avro-1.3.2.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/commons-codec-1.4.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/commons-configuration-1.6.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/datagen/commons-beanutils-1.8.3.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/commons-collections-3.2.1.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/commons-configuration-1.6.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/commons-logging-1.1.1.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/ezmorph-1.0.6.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/jena-core-2.7.3.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/jena-iri-0.9.3.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/json-lib-2.4-jdk15.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/log4j-1.2.16.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.core.contenttype_3.4.100.dist.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.core.jobs_3.5.101.dist.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.core.resources_3.7.101.dist.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.core.runtime_3.7.0.dist.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.equinox.common_3.6.0.dist.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.equinox.preferences_3.4.2.dist.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.equinox.registry.source_3.5.100.v20110502.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.equinox.registry_3.5.100.v20110502.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.jdt.core_3.11.0.v20150602-1242.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.jgit_4.0.1.201506240215-r.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.osgi_3.7.2.dist.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/org.eclipse.wst.jsdt.core_1.3.1.v201401291437.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/protobuf-java-2.5.0.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/slf4j-api-1.4.3.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/slf4j-log4j12-1.4.3.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/svnkit-1.7.6.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/xercesImpl.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/datagen/xml-apis.jar][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[lib/hbase-0.94.5.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/javacc.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/javassist-3.8.0.GA.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/jtb132.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/junit-4.11.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/junit-4.8.2.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[lib/zookeeper-3.4.3.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[rtlib/ST-4.0.8.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[rtlib/antlr-runtime-4.5.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[rtlib/commons-cli-1.2.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[rtlib/log4j-1.2.15.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[rtlib/protobuf-java-2.5.0.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[rtlib/scannotation-1.0.3.jar][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/antlr/Boa.g][refactor] = refactor
result[src/antlr/BoaNoActions.g][refactor] = refactor
result[src/compiled-proto/boa/types/Ast.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/compiled-proto/boa/types/Code.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/compiled-proto/boa/types/Control.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/compiled-proto/boa/types/Diff.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/compiled-proto/boa/types/Issues.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/compiled-proto/boa/types/Shared.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/compiled-proto/boa/types/Toplevel.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/BoaMain.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/Aggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/AggregatorSpec.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/BottomAggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/BottomOrTopAggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/CollectionAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/ConfidenceIntervalAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/CountingSet.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/DistinctAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/FinishedException.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/FloatHistogramAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/FloatMeanAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/FloatQuantileAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/FloatSumAggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/GraphAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/GraphCSVAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/GraphvizAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/HistogramAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/IntHistogramAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/IntMeanAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/IntQuantileAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/IntSumAggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/KurtosisAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/LogAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/MaximumAggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/MeanAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/MedianAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/MinOrMaxAggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/MinimumAggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/Pair.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/QuantileAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/SetAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/SkewnessAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/SortedCountingSet.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/StDevAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/StatisticsAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/TopAggregator.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/UniqueAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/VarianceAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/aggregators/WeightedString.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/analysis/ds/Graph.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/analysis/ds/Node.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/analysis/ds/StatementIndexer.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/BoaCompiler.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/BoaMain.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/FunctionTrie.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/SymbolTable.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/TypeCheckException.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Call.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Comparison.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Component.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Composite.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Conjunction.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Factor.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Identifier.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Index.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Node.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Operand.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Pair.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Program.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Selector.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Start.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/Term.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/UnaryFactor.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/expressions/Expression.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/expressions/FunctionExpression.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/expressions/ParenExpression.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/expressions/SimpleExpr.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/expressions/StatementExpr.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/expressions/VisitorExpression.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/literals/CharLiteral.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/literals/FloatLiteral.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/literals/ILiteral.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/literals/IntegerLiteral.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/literals/StringLiteral.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/literals/TimeLiteral.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/AssignmentStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/Block.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/BreakStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/ContinueStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/DoStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/EmitStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/ExistsStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/ExprStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/ForStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/ForeachStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/IfAllStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/IfStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/PostfixStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/ResultStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/ReturnStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/Statement.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/StopStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/SwitchCase.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/SwitchStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/TypeDecl.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/VarDeclStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/VisitStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/statements/WhileStatement.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/AbstractType.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/ArrayType.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/FunctionType.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/MapType.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/OutputType.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/SetType.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/StackType.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/TupleType.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/ast/types/VisitorType.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/listeners/BoaErrorListener.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/listeners/LexerErrorListener.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/listeners/ParserErrorListener.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/transforms/InheritedAttributeTransformer.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/transforms/LocalAggregationTransformer.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/transforms/StopStatementTransformer.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/transforms/VariableRenameTransformer.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/transforms/VisitorDesugar.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/transforms/VisitorMergingTransformer.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/transforms/VisitorOptimizingTransformer.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/ASTPrintingVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/AbstractCodeGeneratingVisitor.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/AbstractVisitor.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/AbstractVisitorNoArg.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/AbstractVisitorNoReturn.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/CodeGeneratingVisitor.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/IsFunctionVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/PrettyPrintVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/TaskClassifyingVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/TypeCheckingVisitor.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/compiler/visitors/VisitClassifier.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/BoaGenerator.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/DefaultProperties.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/MapFileGen.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/SeqProjectCombiner.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/SeqRepoImporter.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/SeqSort.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/SeqSortMerge.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/scm/AbstractCommit.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/scm/AbstractConnector.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/scm/GitCommit.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/scm/GitConnector.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/util/FileIO.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/util/Java7Visitor.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/util/Java8Visitor.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/util/JavaErrorCheckVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/util/JavaScriptErrorCheckVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/util/JavaScriptVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/util/JavaVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/datagen/util/Properties.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/evaluator/BoaEvaluator.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaAstIntrinsics.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaCasts.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaCollectingVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaCountingVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaGraphIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaMathIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaMetricIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaModifierIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaSortIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaSpecialIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaStringIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/BoaTimeIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/functions/FunctionSpec.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/graphs/cfg/CFG.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/graphs/cfg/CFGEdge.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/graphs/cfg/CFGNode.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/io/BoaOutputCommitter.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/io/BoaOutputFormat.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/io/EmitKey.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/io/EmitValue.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/runtime/BoaAbstractVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/runtime/BoaCombiner.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/runtime/BoaMapper.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/runtime/BoaPartitioner.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/runtime/BoaReducer.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/runtime/BoaRunner.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/runtime/BoaTableMapper.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaAny.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaArray.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaBool.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaFingerprint.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaFloat.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaFunction.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaInt.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaMap.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaName.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaProtoList.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaScalar.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaSet.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaStack.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaString.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaTable.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaTime.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaType.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaTypeVar.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaVarargs.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/BoaVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/ASTRootProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/AttachmentProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/BugProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/BugRepositoryProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/CFGEdgeProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/CFGNodeProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/CFGProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/CfgGraphProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/ChangedFileProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/CodeRepositoryProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/CommentProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/CommentsRootProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/DeclarationProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/EdgeProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/ExpressionProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/GraphProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/IssueCommentProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/IssueProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/IssueRepositoryProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/IssuesRootProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/MethodProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/ModifierProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/NamespaceProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/NodeProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/PersonProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/ProjectProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/RevisionProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/StatementProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/TypeProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/VariableProtoTuple.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/CFGEdgeLabelProtoMap.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/CFGNodeTypeProtoMap.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/ChangeKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/CommentKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/ExpressionKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/FileKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/ForgeKindProtoMap.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/IssueKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/ModifierKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/NodeTypeProtoMap.java][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/RepositoryKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/StatementKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/TypeKindProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/boa/types/proto/enums/VisibilityProtoMap.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/java/com/googlecode/protobuf/format/JsonFormat.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/jj/boa.jj][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/proto/ast.proto][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/proto/code.proto][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/proto/control.proto][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/proto/diff.proto][refactor] = refactor
result[src/proto/issues.proto][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/proto/shared.proto][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/proto/toplevel.proto][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/BaseTest.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestCodegenGood.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestGood.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestInhAttr.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestLexerBad.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestLexerGood.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestParserBad.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestParserGood.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestTypecheckBad.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/test/boa/test/compiler/TestTypecheckGood.java][refactor] = refactor
result[src/test/boa/test/datagen/Java7BaseTest.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/datagen/Java8BaseTest.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/datagen/JavaToBoa.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/datagen/TestDefaultMethods.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/datagen/TestLambda.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/datagen/TestMethodReference.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/datagen/TestReceiverParameter.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/boa/test/datagen/TestRepeatingAnnotations.java][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[src/test/javaxtools/compiler/CharSequenceCompiler.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/javaxtools/compiler/CharSequenceCompilerException.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestCollectionAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestDistinctAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestFloatHistogramAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestFloatMeanAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestFloatQuantileAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestFloatSumAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestIntHistogramAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestIntMeanAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestIntQuantileAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestIntSumAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestMaximumAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestMinimumAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestMrcounterAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestSetAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestSortedCountingSet.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestTextAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestTopAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/aggregators/TestUniqueAggregator.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/compiler/TestCodeGeneratingVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/compiler/TestFunctionTrie.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/compiler/TestTypeCheckingVisitor.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/functions/LocationInfo.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/functions/SizzleTestFunctions.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/functions/TestSizzleCasts.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/functions/TestSizzleSpecialIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/functions/TestSizzleStringIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/functions/TestSizzleTimeIntrinsics.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/utils/MakeNormalDoubles.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/utils/MakeRandomDoubles.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[src/test/sizzle/utils/MakeRandomInts.java][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[templates/BoaJava.stg][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[templates/BoaJavaHadoop.stg][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/allowed-stops.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/arrays.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/assign-func-params.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/curry.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/func-returns-int.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/function-as-arg.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/function-calls.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/function-many-args.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/map-int-index.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/map-protobuf-key.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/maps.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/nested-func.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/no-weight.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/quantified-func-call.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/same-var-names.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/select-from-func-return.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/codegen/sets.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/sum-double.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/codegen/while.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/default-method.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/inst-meth-ref.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/lambda-noarg.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/lambda-noret.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/lambda-notype.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/lambda-ret.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/lambda-withtype.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/lambda.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/lambda2.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/new-meth-ref.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/obj-meth-ref.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/rcv-param.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/repeating-annot.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/static-meth-ref.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/boa/super-meth-ref.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/default-method.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/inst-meth-ref.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/lambda-noarg.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/lambda-noret.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/lambda-notype.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/lambda-ret.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/lambda-withtype.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/lambda.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/lambda2.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/new-meth-ref.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/obj-meth-ref.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/rcv-param.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/repeating-annot.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/static-meth-ref.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/datagen/java/super-meth-ref.java][refactor] = refactor
result[test/inhattr/after-id.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/after.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/before-after.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/before-id.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/before.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/idlist.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/mult-current.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/mult-current2.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/mult-current3.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/mult-visitors.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/nested.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/same-visit.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/simple.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/inhattr/wildcard.boa][refactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/known-good/all.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/annot-names.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/annotations-define.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/annotations-use.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/assert.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/ast-count.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/binary-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/bug-fix.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catAp1.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catAp1b.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catAp2.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catAp3.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catAp4.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp1.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp12.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp13.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp14.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp15.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp17.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp18.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp19.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp2.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp3.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp4.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catBp8.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catDp1.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catDp2.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catEp1.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catEp2.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catEp3.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catEp4.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catEp5.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/catEp7.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/combiner.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/concurrent-log.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/concurrent.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/counts.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/counts2.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/dead-code.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/diamond.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/dupe-types.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/enhanced-for.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/enums.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/fields.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/generics-define-field.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/generics-define-method.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/generics-define-type.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/generics-wildcard-extends.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/generics-wildcard-super.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/generics-wildcard.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/imports.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/input.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/java-count.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/len.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/median.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/merge.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/multicatch.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/null-check.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/potential.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q1.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q10.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q12.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q13.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q14.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q15.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q16.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q17.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q18.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q19.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q2.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q20.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q21.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q22.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q23.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q25.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q26.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q27.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q28.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q3.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q4.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/q9.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/safe-varargs.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/side-effects.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/stats.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/test-cfg.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/known-good/test.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/test2.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/thread-use.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/try-resources.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/types.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/underscore-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/unreachable.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/known-good/varargs.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/lexing/char-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/lexing/comment-eof-no-eol.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/lexing/empty.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/lexing/errors/bad-comment.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/lexing/fp-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/lexing/identifier-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/lexing/int-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/lexing/regex-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/lexing/string-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/lexing/time-lit.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/parsing/errors/assign-to-map.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/parsing/errors/bad-emit-with-weight.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/parsing/errors/bad-identifiers.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/parsing/errors/empty.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/parsing/errors/output-var-equals.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/parsing/errors/visitor-missing-before.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/parsing/expr-numbers-with-space.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/parsing/ifelse-vardecl-no-braces.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/assign-type-to-var.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/assign-type-to-var2.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/builtin-method-no-call.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/cout.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/current-badtype.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/method-call-wrong-type.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/method-no-call.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/quant-missing-use.boa][nonrefactor] = nonrefactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/re-decl-var.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/re-decl-var2.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/errors/var-as-type.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/forward-declare-func.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/no-weight.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/recursive-func.boa][refactor] = refactor
result[test/typecheck/self-cast.boa][nonrefactor] = refactor
